[Music]
Well good evening, what's going on here?
How are we, let's see, I don't know if it's true anymore.
Remember me, Alanne, because I've been here
Here without appearing, I don't even remember you.
I don't even remember you anymore. Well, how are you?
What a joy to not be back here again
not with camera with camera Because Already
He came back the other day, but now with a camera.
It was camera to camera as I told you but
because you caught me, that is, because you caught me
in plan or
we were talking and come to us
Let's do a live show, come on, let's do a live show
direct is that let's see the truth is that
Well, let's see the explanations, okay?
explanations point number one the end of
week I had to visit because I had a
recording in Madrid is good for a
documentary I imagine that the most or
least everyone is that I can't not
I can say it, they told me the other day
that I can't say it and I say I have
told to everyone you know how good
I don't think they'll see this, you're a, let's see
It's not coming out until next year and
It's like How how am I going to save the
secret until next year or so
But well, they imagined not a documentary
for a platform that everyone
knows
eh, I think Trium did go.
It's also valid, but it wasn't the same.
day that I but well they are interventions
recorded vouchers that make up the documentary
They have been recording in other countries
also to form that documentary I
I think white and in a bottle. What
the documentary is not about and some have gone
how many people have
been passing through here by the canal and by
the Trium channel is not lawyers anyway
all those things no and it's a documentary
that is being done for a platform
that you all know when it comes out
documentary because I imagine that
We will comment in fact if I'm not mistaken
We will have the scoop here or here or in
the Trium Channel where we are that day
the teaser The teaser or the announcement is worth Y
then I had recently gone to
Anthill for Will Mei's I went to
Something more to Madrid is not a little I think
What was Will Smith's anthill about?
It was the last thing I left on the same day
and I came back And then I say no again
I'm leaving, I'm not going back, I'm going to go, I say
Well, that's it, I'll take the children, I'll take them.
I'm taking the whole family. Let's go. The end is here.
weekend there a couple of nights that
You already know that it cost me my life against a
site and in the end I created a [ __ ] site
mother and we were there Well, nothing
enjoying a little time with family
practically, that is, eh, from Guan Park
No, because you gave me the park
envy eh You tell me that I
You have made people envious of things as they are
Well, can you believe that I didn't take any photos?
I sent you photos from Warner Park
that we are there but of course photos with
the children but but we have not taken any photos
Made at Warner Bros. Park
few that have been cut of course
No, but the one you sent me looked like something.
I was there and I said look what a bastard this is
but Guan Park always delights me
whenever whenever a couple of
years you compare it But why do you compare it
with the Disney Javi you can't
compare them are totally different
but it is worth more than Disney is worth more
yes no yes but I won't tell you the price or
be I mean it disappoints you no no it doesn't
disappoints by price disappoints you by
the site for the attractions for the
shows but you are them
comparing it with Disney you can't do it
compare has beautiful attractions has
It has some very cool roller coasters
but Lu has two or three attractions that
They look like they must be [ __ ]
mother and are paid separately than the
entrance, that is, you have to pay for them separately
that's what's in your head and then you have a thing
which for me is a total foolish deception. But
Well, I paid for it because of course I
I wanted to take the memory I can
allow me and such no and and they were very
cool are not the photos with the
characters have a move that yes
I have to report it, okay, they have one
move I mean you go to Disney you do it
the free photo you wait in lines and you take it
the free photo there the three characters
main ones who have their little house eh
You have to pay for the photo, okay, but then
apart from the fact that you have to pay for the photo
Yes, yes, yes, yes, you have to pay for the photo, no.
You can take your photo with your mobile or
whatever it is like or whether the entrance costs
80 bucks What do you mean I have to pay?
attractions are worth the same as Disney or
but I think that I think it's worth more than
Disney is smaller than Disney
Disney I think was worth 60 70 80 percent
there also hanging around and Disney are two
pair and quality is not equal or anything
more than the keels all the cobblestones
from the ground the buildings or the
qualities are not the same, it is valid for
that is worth the same and but apart
attractions apart from what you pay for and what
the characters that are on top of you
WhatsApp because there are three prices of the
photograph of what we are talking about
Here we are going to talk about Antonia Avino
But there are three prices of the one
There are three photographs
prices but of course the cheapest is 13
turkeys two identical photographs That is, no
you can take for example with a doll
one photo and the other with another doll No no
They give you two of the same for the second price. Yes
with the same, that is, if you get it with
You can't take two dolls.
one and the other of the other but two photographs
the same and the most expensive one is the 26 I think
which was or 27 there you can mix three
characters what bastards for you
buy the most expensive one, the photo pack
photos the most expensive a kiss Raquel good And
apart from that I haven't been there either
watching to see eh You know that always
I'm fiddling And then first
place Well I have people who are already
cows I have an editor who is from
Another one is leaving for vacation this week
also on vacation luare that is of
holidays too And well then it's off
I miss anyone who leaves so much
of the team and more when two or more leave
three at a time So I'm a little bit
overwhelmed with work let's see
I'm getting everything I can and I believe
that are coming out almost every day
video on every channel but I can't handle it
as many things as I usually do
when the whole team is there, I am there
recovering for the news
preparing for live shows and ionizing
the videos on the main channel then
Well, I'm doing what I can and
I'm giving priority to videos
that to the direct ones because it gives me the
impression that they work better
videos when you put in less direct
by means of and less extracts Then
I'm basically going to leave them direct
for when there is forcefulness in the
direct and to this day I have not
It seemed that nothing came out
important enough to
perhaps leave aside a video of the
Main channel or a newscast things that
can be commented on in the news and made
a live but well I was watching a
little what Antonio David has commented
who has responded to three issues of the
Last week Marta riesco that we have
been commenting more or less on the
Olga Moreno newscasts that more or less
We have also been discussing it but
We didn't know Antonio David's opinion.
Now we will see it and what about the editor who is
that I didn't even think about commenting on it because
It was nothing new about the
editor is that the editor has been in a
YouTube channel I don't know if it was a while ago
week or something like that okay eh having one
chat with a youtuber and has been
giving some statements that are already
I knew or I mean I think I think that when we
We used to gather here on Thursdays for those things.
we have talked no yes no and apart from that no
It was nothing new because at the time
when he left the Eh Pues Channel he passed
through different channels to speak to
promote your new channel to tell a
little then that had happened and so on and so forth
perhaps it had not been said with the same
words but really in essence everything
the world had already caught on to what it was
what had happened or rather I didn't
No V, I haven't had time to watch it all.
because I didn't find out about that topic until
that I came from Madrid is worth it because there was
a lot of people like sending me Elo by
Instagram and commenting asking me
my opinion that if it was going to be a video of
topic and then I saw it If I don't know if it was
today morning or yesterday morning
I think it was yesterday morning
I was looking over a bit of what
that the topic was worth it
and for me there is no new topic
Ok, if you want, we can give our opinion a little about
that and then when we see what has
Antonio David replied that I think he has
answered a bit in code I think
which has not been very clear at least the
part that we have heard What opinion do you have?
It deserves you. Let's see, I understand that the
statements not the headlines are that
Antonio David did not pay him any money, so
He paid him absolutely nothing
mm who worked for free basically and that
There was a clash that I can already imagine
what kind of encounters was I
I obviously knew what I was doing with this
Sir, I got along very well, what happens is
that I lost it and cut off the relationship with him
by a series of disappointments Well one
very big disappointment on a subject that does not
I'm going to comment in public, okay, it was
by the face it was also absolutely by
the face eh absolutely a stick
so fat that he gave me and I said look eh No
I need more sessions I have too many
and let's see there are things that they have said in the
That talk has said things that are true
Ok, and they cost me more or less what they are
true no, I don't have proof
obviously because I don't sleep under it
no one's bed nor am I in the accounts
Nobody's banking has also said
things that are not true, okay, but for that reason
general Yes, that is, most things
They had already been discussed in private, that is to say
It wasn't, it didn't come as a surprise to us. Yes
Yes, yes, in public too, but I love you.
say that these are things that do not concern us
They come as a surprise because, just because
because we have experienced some of them
in person
even to see
eh Well I've also seen something else no
It's like let's see what things are in
the ones I'm not going to enter Okay basically
I'm going to give you a little opinion and we're going to
comment on the response Antonio avid to
It has been a very big decision for me. I know
that there is some reason in what
count eh eh look in the last few days
I've also seen it, they sent me a click
in which I don't know if he is talking
He is now also giving exclusives to
a channel that he according to what I had
understood hated with all his strength until
that is strong eh or that is already it
sailor but I already I already it is that I do not
I can give it away. You're welcome, that is, it's been a long time.
time that I can no longer be disappointed
nothing no eh To a channel that I hated we are
Fantoria, man, a channel I hated.
to the level of going down from his house to
Recording the street, eh, I reported that.
even that I took to kill myself with that channel
Okay, these are things of the past, but in their
moment I even said it Hey this doesn't
I didn't like it, okay, but now
vertel has in how with those is that they are
alliances that are being created with the
time that I don't understand them no I do
I understand them Javi I do understand them
In the end, they all have a common trigger and
Whoever doesn't want to see it, well, look what
You want me to tell you, well, let's see what
They take a long time to see how long they take if they haven't
done since I don't know, let's see what
It takes them a while to blame me for what they
from the editor no that also no
many are taking so long that you still don't know
They blamed you, huh? Well then.
We will not fix them, no, but
Well basically there are things that are
truth and there are things that are lies, let's see
I'll see the headlines about the topic.
What the headlines are are that
There was a bad clash over
part of Antonio Avi that I imagine that
It will be more or less like what I
I saw in Malaga that type of forms, that type
suddenly no and that he didn't pay him that he didn't
what he has paid is worth what he is going to pay
sue to claim the money that
I am sincere without being a lawyer or jurist or
I don't see anything like that as viable.
But of course there was a good problem here.
First of all, what is your opinion of it?
that there are those statements now
Regarding seeing me
It seems like a personal opinion, it's okay for me.
seems opportunistic opportunistic in the
sense that I get the feeling that
Nothing is casual here, or so it seems to me
that there is nothing casual
[Music]
then they were saying no good that
There was speculation that this was organized
With Marta, Marta has no problem in this.
short
I don't know. Well, he must have written to you
what they commented must have been written to him
the day after that live show quite
angry
because they had said but well what
Marta when you don't say amen to everyone
He gets angry, we already know each other too. All of us
here but he says that they have already done it already
They blamed me for what
the editor said and I found out yesterday
From what the editor said: Well, well, then.
Surely I will be to blame But
It was said about Martha, it was not said about Martha
nothing bad, no, it wasn't manipulated
by Antonio David it was actually the
The only thing he said about her: Oh, and what?
It's what bothered you I don't know I don't know
I know, that is to say, it is not, that is to say, no, it has not been
said that what has been the
conversation nor what it has been exactly
what has made you feel bad simply goes away
He said that he called him forgive me if
It looks or sounds bad but I'm
with mobile data eh
eh he just said that that which is
called him
and and that's good because it wasn't there, that it wasn't there
I was very happy with the
statements up to there No it has not been
said more or I have not seen more for what
less but let's go that in general and When
I say opportunistic, I don't mean in Ah
Look, it's just when Marta
is bashing on TV suddenly no
For me, that's not the way it goes.
In my personal opinion, there are third parties.
people behind all this who
They have pushed me and it has given me the
I got a feeling from seeing this
opinion eh or so obviously I don't know
what is said by that Man opinion
personal but personal opinion
also based on seeing the movements
of certain people over the course of 2 years
Let's see, I'm not going to see, I'm not going to enter
a lot in that but yes I do see myself
some things I've seen these days yes
which has given me the impression that in
part probably worth I don't know to what extent
point yes it could have been animated
this conversation to take place
these statements to come out
light eh Let's see, it really calls me
attention These are things that call me to
My attention. It may or may not be true.
okay or they could be coincidences not that
a person acts as an opening act for a
talk but then don't echo it with anyone
a single video of one of the
headlines why because you have let
Let others eat it, don't let it fall on you
another downpour because you know that the
people Well, it's not going to look good that in these
moments precisely to see I have
feeling aside there are some questions
and there are some things that I have seen
that I have seen them on other occasions and I
has given the impression that it may be
pushed by other people than by
Let's leave it at that for a bit.
scripted no not scripted maybe a
a little pushed but I have seen it
on other occasions it has been done eh
That is, it has been done against me, I have seen it
I have seen it with my eyes, I have it
saved for when the time comes
but I don't know why I don't know why either
but man, let's see
Of course, if you, the most logical thing is that if you
you present one thing later in the day
next you don't even get a video of a
headline when you're seeing that you're
falling to
downpour that catches my attention damn
even if it is to promote it more no and and
Let's see and in the end we start from
the basis that in the end we all talk about
eh we as commentators and the
characters also They speak when
They feel like it then Maybe He
The problem is not so much that you tell the
history but then on top of it I
bandages like it's been all great
casual no look we were passing by here no no
say you wanted to tell the story you found
regarding this
because obviously
On the one hand I don't like covens
that unions and alliances to go
all against one or or precisely let's go
to go out and talk when you are in the
floor is worth On the other hand it is a bit
that's how we handle ourselves, that is, when
A topic is viral when they release the
things, that is, me as a channel, surely Yes
I would have come up with those ones
statements at a time when
the character is in the spotlight
when everything is taken out too and when
you go final Ah of course to see one of the
controversies that have arisen during the
week is clear is that right now
when on the other side of course
It is precisely now that A is of interest
the best 6 months ago or so no
there was no controversy regarding
Antonio David Well maybe it wasn't interesting
telling it so much and now that it comes back
be current again Well yes yes
the shots are not going for Ah of course it is that
one thing happens is that one thing happens
thing but don't paint it as casual
when not
It's not clear to me, let's see, they are probably there.
until more or less I know I don't know no
I know, it seems to me that it seems to me
But this is my opinion because of things
that I have seen against me, it is worth it now
I'll save them and explain them later, okay?
em that it has been animated by
Someone might be worth it, listen, what about it?
better not maybe I'm wrong and maybe
better suddenly the editor has decided
I want to go out and tell what's happening
We have the right to Pinar, no H, I would be missing
as one does not have an opinion
My opinion is that everyone will see you no but
see are for are for are for things that I
They have passed me by with Franc this
I have seen that this has been done and and
It's already Okay but I understand that it is
because the people and above all I have seen
A lot of downpour on Twitter. Of course
People, it's going to be a downpour there.
moment to whom a person is exposed
that they are already giving him blows for another one
side, that is, it doesn't need more sticks, no, but
Of course, the problem is that the
The problem is that there is
There have been times when you have said
one thing and then you said another thing, that is to say,
that you have worked for the love of art that
you have done it and what about that you criticize
to people who don't understand that you help
to a person because he is at his worst
moment Then of course I the truth is the
The truth is that he owes him money. The truth is
is that Antonio David is a guy who
He takes it and throws it in your face that everyone
eat from him but then he doesn't pay him
The Editors okay That's the truth but
Of course what happens to that editor is that
has gone
putting on a good face during the
breakup with Antonio David and you have said
that you have done it for the love of art that
people criticize you because people don't
understands that you help a person
when it is on the clear ground and now it is not
They believe you because they are now clinging to you
Otherwise, of course, I'm going to give you a
example is as if after having
said a billion times that the
moderators who do not charge that
We do so to support you out of love
you and such one of the moderators comes out
scalded and goes around saying that we have to
See Javi who doesn't pay us what's up
stuck is that I don't know what I don't know
how many of us are going to take it by the por
Another way is that he has not said that
is going to take it legally, it is going to
say that or that he said it in another way
way yes it has given the exclusive to the
youtuber who hated the da la
exclusive Ah okay okay it is that or rather in
the one in the other is worth it. Of course in the other.
channel did not say that it was going to take it by the
legal way said Well we'll fix it
where it touches or where or by another or by another
side or and be very careful that I don't
take it out of context that I am
I completely agree with you
have apologized to that YouTuber
because despite everything,
record in a
street it
condemn
saying the opposite the question
question was reported I would have done it
reported, that is, I have reported
Dee license plate and I have reported insults or
that is what I would have reported but in the
minute one to me it is raised here
a question and I'm going to put in a little bit of
finger on the wound they have asked for forgiveness
only for that reason or have they asked you
Sorry for saying they were
influenced by other people who are
very bad very bad very bad Well there will be
to see Who would be there
influenced Because I certainly there
There are the clicks that I am that act in
concrete condemn it but one thing is that
you ask for forgiveness for one thing and another thing
is that now suddenly we are all
you know, I mean, eh, a family is worth that.
a part because for example I have done
the passes with the one from the flight not that I
They blame the flight a lot
I make videos, I don't collaborate, and we are not united.
I don't ask him for anything or anything
He absolutely did not ask me for forgiveness for anything
What I wanted was for him to ask me for forgiveness and
and that's it, but yes, he has said that he is going to do it
I see little way to demand then
I see little way to demand
demand eh When On the one hand you have
said no on the other hand you have said
free then also on one occasion
you said that you had to move
from Asturias to Madrid for such and such
then in another chat with FJ you were
saying that you were in Madrid
It was on your way and it was a luxury to do it or
There are many things that I see that are not
They can defend that it is true
that verbal contracts used to be
were valid to a certain extent but
Of course, I'll say tomorrow that with you and
and the problem is still valid
Here is where you then have a newspaper library
which contradicts that assumption
Verbal contract Of course more
It's that the library is very very screwed up
for everyone eh For everyone let's go that
You and I know that Antonia has not
paid to this no sun we have it clear
No, that was clear to me from the minute
That's great, eh, I mean, I don't want that
everyone as I don't want everyone
world eats from me but I my channel
I tell whoever I want, okay? And I
The Editors don't pay him or that is
very good it's not like host man but
Of course, and they talk about 30-somethings
a thousand bucks and I say no no 3000 bucks to
The best thing a channel could have collected
the size of mine in a few good months
Okay, so 30,000 bucks, huh? No, no, okay.
I don't know because it's also very few
direct and very few things are worth it but it is
as I think it is more But well it is not
The important thing is the quantity The quantity is
The least of it The quantity is the least of it
It's true that Antonio had said that you
You think that a year and a half 3000 bucks but
If he did less live shows than me, that's already
a saying
eha but 30,000 turkeys in a year and a half
no we're not going we're going if you tell me to
better in month better time also in the
best time and most support from the Channel and
With 30,000 turkeys you appear social
Blade is a speculation, no.
is a
estimate based on the visits you know
This man when he opened the live shows
when he had support, the one that fell on him
Super chat and of course everything is clear that the
social clear the social Blade at the end
It only calculates the visits, not you
Neither Super chat nor
nothing there is also something talking about
from the visits that I heard it and it is
as I partly agree and in
part no I mean in one part you say Yes
It is true that Anton Avid has not
been very hard-working, let's call it that
Okay, it hasn't been very before no
very certainly one thing I am going to say
clarify before that there are many
things I've heard in these
last hours worth
that they were almost throwing me away
blame me Of course Antonio day And the
editor wanted to take down a channel
YouTube is worth listening to based on strike
Well I stopped it and it stopped it
Ivan, okay, come on, you're kicking me out.
It's my fault that I'm heating up another one.
you know how Forgive Antonio David And the
editor well the editor actually put
Strike on its own is not a
secret is worth it but Antonio David
He said that he didn't care about the Standard that
we had not written and all that stuff
that was put on, they were put on strike because they were not
legitimate use was being made and
They were putting on strike and I told him, man, don't go.
over there because that is not done and then
Ivan stopped him, okay, they're not much more to me.
It's the best, man, I'm quiet.
I'm on another topic
I'm here before Javi, that's what I was telling you.
saying before that things are not
casual and that alliances are not
And if they have the same common denominator
bad guy when alliances are for one
common person goes wrong goes wrong
for those alliances
okay they go wrong
for lamos with the theme a year and a half or more
No, I mean, here we don't talk about any of this.
topic if you don't mention it, take it to me
I mean with The final canteen everything
step
He's the bad guy, damn it
There are already things that there will be things, there will be things
done wrong but but what what
absolutely everything that happens is your fault
from Javi forgive me but no I mean no but
That's it, it's as simple as that, let's go.
Antonio avo I don't think he's going to say it
contrary because he cannot say
otherwise and I tell you that it cannot
To put it mildly, there were things there that were not known.
They understood YouTube and came to me.
They asked for an opinion and then I know what
Yes and what is not worth it but man, of course
because it is that and this is what Francisco said
I listened to it in a click that he sent me
racel de Francisco you know that I was
saying Francisco was not the no no no no
It was both of them, the one who stopped him was me and
There I have the proof, Ivan.
lawyer or you the tool of
You have to copyright it, but that's it.
that someone who is complaining about it
Use the reporting tool as
He also feels like sending that to you
start that to start that Use the
fraudulent copy tool
to take down Twitter accounts and others
channels Simply because it suits us
Simply because criticism is made of him
But on the other hand it is also true
that Francisco is not going to give you an opinion
objective because Francisco gets along well
with Antonio avid and is interested in collaborating
He's not going to give you an opinion with him.
objective then kicks the ball out and
Antonio is taken out of the equation when
when there is no need to take out but come on then I
Since I don't get along with anyone, I'll tell you the
truth and the truth and the truth is that O
may be the truth is that but let's go here that
I complained that they gave me a strike.
I don't give anyone a strike and I'm 28
channels dedicated to my man still
It would make a bit of sense but people who
Use the strike tool by
copyright as he pleases and for whatever
that he feels like it and and and that now you
complain that they want to close your channel
by strike man Forgive my life okay
eh I left something out.
saying something when I wanted to
clarify that I left something out
talking about money not about money
that Antonio could have generated
Antonio had said that live
He said that directly what
They came from YouTube and went to the game
that's what I have
click that it doesn't fit me that it doesn't
I understand how you put that in
Google You put the player's account as
goes
That might not be put into an account.
and they have that account marked
directly or I don't know
I mean, it's like when you have, eh, I don't know.
whether you have a lien for the
automatically judged any
extra income that comes to you
automatically the court will give it to you
I imagine they will go for it.
there the shots
veno
okay good
Hey, we've already talked a lot about the Marta issue.
the Olga theme we are also going to listen to
what Antonia David said and and
Well there you have my opinion about the
about the editor's statements
Basically in short there are
There are many things that he says are true.
others that are not worth as much
Hey
And so little credibility remains.
when at first you say one thing
then you say the other one, like this
for me for me and this is what I once believed
that he had to go out with him on his day
and tell it one day if you
sales we do not count it
several after months the first thing
What he did was make a video saying that
everything was so [ __ ] great that it made you dizzy
that your fan club is about the visits
That was what I had pending that
has begun to say that the channel of
Antonio David grew a lot because of him
as if he gained 140,000 subscribers by
him and then he hasn't won that much when
He has gone as if to see, to see, it is that
That data is not real, that is, it is not no
They are real for several reasons, one because
Antonio David's activity during
one season it went down quite a bit two because
Many things have been happening over the
path that many people have taken
disappointed with Antonio David and already he
tidal support was not the same no or
it is that after a cluster of many
things not only the fact that the
editor se
left or rather many things happened
a divorce upon learning of what happened
Marta the people felt
deceived by everything that was happening with Marta
internal crises of the family, that is, they have
many things have happened for people
stop subscribing to the Channel or or or
or stop seeing him too, the one who
I finished saving me, which lowered the volume a lot
views of all channels no
only Antonio's is eager to see
many factors but first of all if
You think that a channel Thanks to you has
I don't know how many millions of views and no
I know how many hundreds of thousands of
Followers damn And why don't you have the
same result on the channel that you
you have created that to start okay There is a
a lot of factors, that is, first of all
It's one thing when a famous person on TV
It comes suddenly, not obviously all of it
the promotion and all outreach first or
You are not going to win all of them suddenly.
months the same subscribers because in
the moment you create your channel
the first wave comes, not the first blow
of subscriptions no that that that that
are the people who know you and the reach
that you have had in your networks
through saying Hey, I'm opening a channel
Okay, then man, it's not your fault.
The editor's departure is the fault of
that Antonio had I think that
there is probably a part of that
Antonio Abin did not want to see business
because I told him a thousand times that
That is something that has been said too
And yes, it is true, I told him a thousand and one things.
times I saw Antonio the money that he could
win with this and I told him clearly if you
you do this and you work and this and that you do
you can earn more money than on TV
It happens that he, well, I think that maybe
he has wanted it as a loudspeaker or he has not
desired, he has been lazy or has not
found with the head I don't know which one
have been the reasons but Antonio avid
Antonio has not exploited his channel well
avid in the end what he does is eh go
commenting on the things that people do
save me or rose, every week a
direct or two direct with a series of
collaborators That is, if Antonio avid is
dedicate to making videos with a
constancy no and with a quality and and and
Currs Elo Anav has a lot of money there
freak out and would have solved all your problems
problems of everything that has Vale
now man blame that on a
that a [ __ ] editor leaves you, then
Look, I don't have one on my staff.
Ok, I have a script on the template.
urges
Hey, four Editors, we are now two.
miniature
And you who came
I didn't see any people coming for free.
I'm being honest with you, I mean, I don't believe
that neither the rise nor the fall nor the
stagnation or anything that has to do with it
the followers had nothing to do with it
with the editor, that is, neither for good nor for
bad I'm so sorry for
Please, but it is as simple as
create a channel yourself and you have the same
followers So it can't be, let's go
let's see that it doesn't make sense you can't
picking up that kind of stuff is fine because it's not
they look good and then what I tell you
with respect to the moment with respect to the moment
Well let's see the statements
Antonio David we are commenting because
The best Antonio David is going to comment
this and we are going to be repetitive when
touch on the subject
Okay, let's listen to Antonio David
family How are you there and subscribe
give it a like, share it and all that
little things that I haven't even warned you about
that I was going to open It's true they are O
I have to write it down and within
a couple of years to claim these from you
collaborations why
Damn, that's not what it takes to do it.
selflessly and two years later
claim it
Ah right then Ah that's good that
in the end wait I'm going to look for more or
less at the beginning when you start talking
of the subject that in the end you can leave and
It is logical that you go out to see but it is that
That's what I'm telling you, so later. Ah, let's see.
the covens, that is, when a
person is on the ground That is the
moment sincerely Or to me that in a
moment all you can do is the or that is
The saying uncle is that for a year I have you
been helping me I've been leaving the
eggs eh you've been profiting from
it and I have not seen any huro and you have not
had no time to detail
tell me Look man this month we have
up
10,000 take two to give you an example
You know why you are so kind to me
helping because I can understand it of course
I can understand that but that's what
We said before now is the time to
recover that why Because it returns to
Antonia was in the news because
As it is on the ground we will finish
of
crush it So what's behind there
because it's not a coincidence for me
It is but let's not complain about that
Now Twitter gives us
Cane you know and it's like But well let's go
see now but it is that at the moment in the
that you go out to make some statements
public then you have to assume the
the criticism that comes to you, my friend, but
there's the thing, I mean I have a feeling of
found that because I also eh
That is, as the owner of a channel like
presenter obviously if I get a
testimony like this at a time when
Imagine suddenly Auron Play breaks
with the girlfriend and Auron's brother comes
Play Speak to my channel clearly I will
take it at that moment because it is in the
moment that hits not at the moment in which
that a topic is on the rise, no, but of course
the problem is when I have the problem
The problem I see is having taken from
a beginning and having said other things
different I mean you can't say that
some lentils seem wonderful to you and
then the dog didn't eat that
No good about the lentils that were there
bad I think he said it from
beginning but but well that is not
No, I mean, I understand what I understand what
you mean But in the end it is that
when he left the Canal
I understand. These are my assumptions, eh?
I understand that he wanted to leave things as they were
although in the public eye things are
remain calm and
maybe if they didn't end so badly
It may be that he saw some reward and
as has not been the case
Well, I would have to analyze the issue well.
What happens is that it is not a topic that I
I was interested enough to work hard for it
video of these good ones with click with for
here and there is fine but it is that
I even think that Antonio David
difference with me For example
Antonio Avis has stood up for him in
some occasion because I remember One
time he was fighting with a
community that now appears to be
in peace and and they were telling him things and
Antonio avid did one thing that without
However, he did not do it for me, for example,
My Antonio avid you know that the year
past continued with that mantra of
lie that a lady
We are crushed because he stopped donating that to us
I'm still waiting for some
Anton Vi's app and I'll die
waiting for her Surely I have a video
with Juan in which
They both sit face to face and
Anton defends what they are telling him
to their editor and give names
of the names and surnames of the
people who were at that time
attacking Juan of course, that is, I have not
seen one for example my change with
Antonio can be based on lots of
of things be Antonio if he has thrown me
publicly worth it to me, Anton, I have not
seen him throw it at him I don't know the truth is
which are contradictory statements
because you take the lawsuit and that's it
it is solved
It's not that or
possibly be
Yes, yes, the intention was to do it legally.
possibly with this live it has been
shot himself in the foot to see why
They have prayed Look, this is by Ah Pablo Pablo
you what
Do you think clips have been rescued?
that time when he said that it
did it voluntarily and without any intention
for profit and how ugly that people
think badly and don't understand that you are going
do something for support and friendship and not
HE
that these clips have been rescued as a result
that he has spoken about the subject again
you understand then maybe he alone
he has shot himself in the foot in fact
Let's see, there is a legal basis. Look, Pablo is coming.
green Pablo doesn't even know if one or him
Pablo is liked better or worse, imagine
Pablo, I have a person here who
He helps me with the channel and basically he is
the one who makes my outlines
structure the videos and edit it ok
even does the thumbnail thing and
those things are worth it I have a person
here that takes me to the Canal and I am the
visible face me with that person then
I say It's supposed to be okay, it's supposed to be already
I say well we will not distribute it anymore or
whatever it generates, no, but it happens
time and there is a lot of money being generated
with that but I don't give that person a
turkey is worth it and I that person publicly
ha
said that he did it for the love of art and
who did it to help a person
that was wrong and that was pounding and
then later he comes out saying that no
that he had not done it for that reason but that
I had done it for work and that
has moved a lot and I don't know what
I don't know how much then he says he has
sued 4 days ago Eh that's viable
Pablo, that is, it would be a contract of
word is supposed not to be a word that is not
I know if it will be written because I
word is not written Clear in summary
there is supposed to be a contract
verbal but then that same person has
made statements saying the
contrary, that is, public statements
So I know something else clearly
It would be that there is a verbal contract but
that is written on WhatsApp but you already
I tell you that I know Antonio
David I have been talking to him for months
having a relationship with him and it doesn't suit you
I'll tell you to put that in writing.
neither by Whatsapp nor by audio nor by
for nothing the important conversations
they have each other on the phone and that they never
remain
tests by phone and WhatsApp
called Antonio David Antonio David you
He called on WhatsApp and this is what he said
many people by me I mean but I
I mean that it is called so that there are no more
tests are worth it, of course, but the calls
many people have that remain engraved
I have my phone that records almost
I go all of them and obviously the ones that are
absurd no But as they have happened to me
many things in the lives of people who
The best thing is to take it and tell me I told you
Pink and it was black and then they claim
things that are not Well, I have my my
files no Antonio viid always has
He calls you on WhatsApp the only time I think
Well with me already There was a long time that
He already trusted me and knows the type of
person that I am did not speak to me
WhatsApp I remember because once
we were at Disney I mean I was in
Disney Paris and of course he couldn't call me
I don't remember why on WhatsApp
because I didn't have a Wii or whatever and I
He called by phone, okay, but oh well, HM
The fact is that I doubt it a lot and now
We are almost 100% sure that Antony has that.
He has not left it in writing or by audio
Let's see if Pablo has told me
sent something before starting to listen
Antonio David is worth it but basically
ask you all please to press the
like button It's been a long time since I last
we make it direct for you to share and all the
That roll is fine, I have it
I am or what Jout has put yes it is
I thought the other day too
eh I haven't read it But anyway let's go
listen to Paul
okay, it's called benevolent works
or of good will or of good neighborliness
not that it is how such exist what is called
benevolent or good works
will or good neighborliness not that those
They are not onerous, but they always
presupposes the employment nature of the relationship
That is to say, even if that person first
And it could have started like that
a collaboration that everyone knew about
that it was free and such and such and with the
passage of time
eh Well then it would be that that that
become an employment relationship
subordination especially if they put
schedules if Put a series of things not to
from there you know that in law
In the workplace there is always the indubio pro
operator, that is to say that it is probably
the owner of the Channel whoever has
that
prove that there was no relationship
labor and that they were simply that
benevolent or good works
neighborhood
eh I see that the demand, so yes
files a lawsuit
I see some viability in terms of work but
As always, everything is going to be a problem
of proof of what can be proven and
which
No, of course, let's see, it's public that there is
an employment relationship Yes but I'm
It fits me because in what I have
heard I also heard the same
I also heard the same argument
argument that Paul has said that
It started as a collaboration and ended
Yeah
an employment relationship then suits me
what Paul is saying with what I
I heard on the other
direct is that let's see Of course it is a
employment relationship But you know that here
If there is someone here who matters more
many times that you pay everything that
you have to pay taxes that
you commit crimes many times you commit
crimes and Spain gives you a helping hand, okay?
But the Treasury doesn't forgive you. Okay.
then eh of course when we are
talking about an employment relationship we are
talking about what part of the payments that
Antonio had to ask the editor
would have to go through the Treasury
obviously Okay
so there is some interest
by the State in which this was
so there is no employment relationship
public publicly it is known who
the channel that was edited was in charge of what was
I hadn't done it before, I was even in it
direct and he and the other was driving the
Streamyard I put this screen I put
This other one then according to Pablo Comments
It would of course depend on the
subjectivity of the game and of and of the
evidence presented by each
one and what the judge who touches him thinks
if he really demanded that I
I doubt it Look it's putting I'm reading
the chat and there are several interesting things
Hey Yanter has put the key in that
there are witnesses to that verbal commitment
that we take into account here that it may
may those witnesses be seen now
same in a brown of milk because
Surely those witnesses are the ones
Antonio David's own lawyers and that
They share a lawyer, I don't know what he is.
complicated that is not Of course in
end not Clear to see surely what is
arrives there is a
I agree, but of course there is another one too.
brown that's what I hear today in
in the as if we were that's why I have
brought up this topic today
eh No Pablo that's definitely not WhatsApp
among them there certainly isn't
That is, whatpp between them, give it to you
to understand that
Okay, how does Antonio David have the
this whole insolvency thing and the issue
This is not How do you justify that I can
that you are making money there and that
you pay a
editor no Or it is no longer
insolvent at the time you are
charging from YouTube no longer exists
Javi's insolvency, or more transparent
that YouTube gave you that goes directly to
the
then tell the story here
it is surely
that it is
seized that what is not being collected
from YouTube and that it is embargoed and by
that's what he said, that's all he
charged was for the topic not for the case
That could be it
let's listen to the statements
of
Antonio seems fine, doesn't he seem fine to you?
that participates does not participate survivor
Ok Olga, I understand the topic, Olga. Yes, there is.
many
nuances if you ask me, I eh Yes
I would have received the offer if I had
obviously gone
No
Hey there
behind almost 3 years of much pain
a lot of suffering from having a very bad time
of
feel like a person
pointed out by a media outlet
where
Well through that signal they have
made a deal and have earned 8 9 10
millions of
euros if more I am that to see regarding
I completely disagree with him on this
They offer it to you and you don't go if they don't give it to you
I just said that it allows for doubt, that is
man, let's see, there I would go out through the through the
tangent and would say if you have to accept it
Well, he would tell his followers that it is
which is half c is not the factory of the
TV that's what I would say for which part
clear of the advantage of knowing that no
They are going to offer it to you or do you think it is not?
They're going to offer it. You know.
because I doubt it, the truth is that I know it
offered because Claro if the chain has
bought a story but of course it is that the
chain has already changed I mean I don't
I rule out that I, you know what, that I never
Never say of this water never be Never
Never say anything because in the end
you don't know what can happen inside
two years this year we have things about the
table that a year and a half ago You said
Come on, no way can this happen in my country.
life Let's see clearly that is the
The problem is with all the production companies
with the chain with the production company in
concrete or really who it was
the problem because if it is with
the clear half demanded him in the
demand was going to be what happens that average
It was clear that he won. Well, while he
he was sticking with the chain to his
daughter was working at the coo chain
You're telling me your daughter was
working nana Rosa a good one
a little more season then here or the same
Time to measure for everyone is that
The chain was also sued by
He, uh, he sues the factory.
the TV to the channel and I don't remember anymore
I do like a presenter too because I
may not That was Albac Carrillo he
sued the TV factory and
half c and half c the solution
hieron That is to say, you win by that means half
put a tweet saying we won the
Antonio Avid Sab trial and people
She was very confused saying but
If Antonio Avid says he has won, it is clear
It beats the TV factory
that they paid him almost 200,000 euros no but
He's so lost that I don't even know if he's
had to pay costs to the factory
TV or
not to me personally, to me personally
I don't care if any of them go
to work half a set. That is to say, I
yeah, I mean, I'm not going to tear my hair out.
clothes I mean, I don't care at all
but it is contradictory to the speech
with which they then give lessons of
moral on the other hand on the other hand is or is
That's the one
criticism to see It is that I think there is a
a moment in life in which if you
offer this to any of them is that they do not
They have another option that they don't have left
another is that there are some who are already
within a very vicious circle and you don't
They're going to kill anywhere, eh? Let's see.
I don't see it, I don't know, Antony
avid
What expectations do you have but I don't
I don't watch it on Spanish television or on Antena
3 already but it is that but it is that no longer
only Antonio David or Marta with
what you are doing right now if
then he pretends to be hired in a
serious site is going to have it screwed and
I also tell you You
You think? Well, I don't know, let's see, it's that Antena 3
is Rescuing good colab and the one
Rescuing collaborators, that is, I think
that depends on the ideology not because
Alba Carrillo What she does and is in
Spanish television in a serious place
Right now I think there is no serious issue.
channel because clo but we talk about chain
clear Alba Carrillo Alba Carrillo is
on Spanish television and Alba Carrillo
next to Marta, what are we going to do, I don't know
I don't know who is the best messer here
Spanish television and it's going to be
presenter of a new program in
Netflix on Spanish television is going to
present Grand Prix or or it is going to be
collaborator of Grand Prix and on Netflix
she is going to be a presenter
a program like the island of the
temptations or something like that. I mean, he loves you.
say
Well, that's why I tell you Never
say never eh or suddenly A lo
you better find out what he or she wants
Someone contracted Antonio David
next year and you say damn, I know, but yeah
yes of course, I mean never say never eh
why not because they have because they have
mistreated position in the chain
These people really don't care about that or
they really have people in the
chain that have been sentenced for a
a lot of things and I'm not talking about law
honor or rather, eh damn this Dioni the one
Dioni, this wasn't a thief. Yes, of course. No.
That was not a thief, but he was not condemned.
like there was the car and all that stuff
no the dian wore reality and things of
those were not with him in a reality no O
be and I know what I'm telling you, I can tell you
say a lot of people who have been
convicted of crimes working in the
TV, that is, in the plan that these people have
morality depending on the day no no that
but but if I see the moral of the
Antonio has no conviction for anything other than
of the right to honor and the fine that
It was when he was 20 that he was like you
You think about it and you say, damn, you get a note.
20 years old that you know that if I
I believe that at some point
they may even call you back
now at the moment when you
I don't know how long you've been saying that
categorically I am not going I am not going
I will never go in life after that
that they have made me as you see me in the
need to go because it is the only one
source of income that you have to see how
You justify that to the audience.
Hey, he's hitting himself a lot.
chest and watering the clothes a lot
deny this still years later
when you don't know what can happen and
in the need that he can do it himself
see because it is no longer saying that you want
rejecting it is that maybe you can't
is that maybe you see yourself in one
need listen to me you know
I don't want to mention it much but yes
I'm not telling you, it falls on my chest
choked then I have heartburn the other
One day Loli Huertas appeared to him
by making a donation of a handful of
member and laughed at her no Well no
As far as I know I think not
He did not directly name her or put her in
screen nor was there any mention they sent me a
Click that they put The donation in
Anton screen and I didn't say thank you no
only that he thanked us but
that put it on screen and it stays
looking at the collaborators and
they said
you know it's there the click is that
I don't have it at hand otherwise I would put it but
I'm sure people have seen it, I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it yet
seen therefore How how can it be
arrive at
I pray obviously
eh I think that the tament
superior to be able to recover that damage is the
judiciary especially when they are
accusing of crimes that Good thing not
you have committed but there are some interests
behind as we have all been able to see
where is a macr
business they are putting a lot of money on me
examples in the chat Look at the
Pantoja was in jail, let's see what
did Pantoja is no small feat and
Julian
Muoz the clear cachuli Ortega
Cano, that is, in the end they were killing Antonio.
calling abuser for for
for mediatically hammering no and being
20 years talking about the ex's wife
wife of the mother of the children [ __ ] No
What he has done is worse, for example,
what Oracle did or what these people did
with the people's money, let's see.
justify nothing No but [ __ ] [ __ ] the
end
we have to we have discussed it we have discussed it
commented a lot of times that
difference has between what has been done
Anton with
Roco is going with Jesuln, they almost have
everything that we play is not
and but that's how it is, that's how it is,
The morality of television is subjective not because
suddenly we don't close the doors on him
We are putting this man on trial in the
who has not been convicted by the courts
but we make a parallel judgment
and we condemn him, we have not
put a label with a slab that already
for life that no one hires him that
No media outlet hired him, damn it.
life but it happens there there it got in there
the politics involved and at the time
in which I know why, let's see what? Eh
Tele5 I speak of Tele5 because it is such
but we have seen for many years
that they have given a character a hard time, they have done it
put everything and after 6 months the
character was sitting there collecting
talking about how here they couldn't do it
same why Because they messed with the
politics and with a social movement that
It totally polarized opinion.
public So that's where it's no longer known
They could go back It's that people
I eat them if I see them back, perfect, but
the ingredient is not the requirement
the point to stop hiring one
person so that a person is already
banned from working I understand that it is that
It is assumed that it has gotten into you
egg that has committed a crime Although
Justice has not considered it so
No Ah Ampari's birthday, a kiss Happy
ampari birthday or the point for
to condemn a person in the media is
that you you you understand or the chain
understand that this person Well it
understand now why two years ago you didn't
I didn't understand it, but oh well, the chain
understand now that this gentleman
committed crimes against his ex-partner okay
perfect that is unforgivable no or that is
the mistakes because Marta Riesco was there
commenting that I do believe that he
Antonio himself does not consider himself a
mistreated of course but yes that
considers it best that during the passage
of the years that may have occurred
attitudes that are still present today
repent because hey people change
Hey look, I know everyone for sure.
when we have things that are all clear
That happens to all of us, Javi, me too.
I think about things that I might have thought of when I was 20.
say you have to see what an idiot she was, you know
Sure, but it's unforgivable, eh, I mean, it is.
a media condemnation this man no longer
can return to work is
completely banned from the media
because that label has been put on it and it is
as good and And then why another
people who have been in jail yes
can work on TV and can go to
reality and you can go to an interview and you will be
They pay 100,000 turkeys for an exclusive or
because now what is the crime that
yes the crime that no because right now
in the social moment that we
we found a or so what they did
Isabel Pantoja and the cachuli was at the level
monetary, let me explain, that is, right now
One of the social scourges is the
Biogen then, that is to say for me they have it
made as a reference Yes it is true it is
what he says is true
because they keep your money
members of the government that is almost there
approved not before I steal your
Right, of course, of course, no one knows anymore.
strange that's why it is
how they give you and they vote for you again, well
see when they are going to do the surveys
You are at the polling station and who have you
voted for so-and-so but yes
so-and-so says in the chat that
Diego sentences what neither
Be careful when you say those things
family if they are not true eh God matamoro
damn host
listen to me and now what?
Look at Diego Matamoros sentenced for a
crime of abuse 8 months and 200 Met of
removal and 31 days of social work
man, it seems to me, or rather, if it were something
This makes me feel a little sorry, huh?
true Let's see it depends on the let's see we are
talking about restraining order and 31
days because well it will depend on
the seriousness of what you have done
for example the eastern tudor of Lali that
I was commenting on the other's sentence
well the sentence that the sentence that
has now come out in the hearing
provincial I haven't gotten it okay But
la la the first one that came out Prim if not me
I'm mistaken, I think he added a prison sentence of one
year and one month one year and two months and one
Murta who was nothing less or rather it depends on
the gravity eh of no no that I do not say for
that but I mean if it was something serious you don't
They put 200 meters of distance, that is, I
They have already considered it more serious than
that Antonio David has done no Bueno anymore
There has been a ruling which in this case
From Antonio Aviz there was no clear no
siqua admi because there has been no trial
Wow, good, good information. I didn't know that.
trust this you trust what it is
They mention that I didn't know And I'm here
all day trying to sauce and to the
person who must
decapitate it is pointed out And from there
They put the machinery into operation
to destroy a person and therefore his
family Because not only Eh they have me
They have hurt me and hurt everyone.
Mine have been disrespectful to everyone
mine have insulted and slandered
They have defamed everyone
mine therefore respect Obviously that
have made the decision because
good ending Good
Well, I have to respect it because
we share a daughter I'm not in the
assessment but entered at one time
to be able to bring money home and
Obviously, I understand that money
will improve the quality of
life seeing himself is seeing it as
Well, let's see, it is a source of
income to support our daughter O
be and to improve the Although it does not make you
It's a [ __ ] shame if it can change your economy.
not very much because I understand that it is not
The same is true for what Olga enters, no matter what
I know if Olga keeps the online store.
I know I think so online Yes in a
At first they said online, so that is
the physical store was closed but
kept it online that's what they said in a
At first I don't know if I understand that the
income compared to going to a
a survivor and then the magazine that
is going to have and the interviews that are going to
Giving Claro changes the economy of the house
eh noticeably but look at you who is
giving the same argument as me
would justify it for him if he accepted it
Because I think that Antonio
avid yes it
I would accept if the problem is The
The problem is not so much returning to the
chain I don't care if it's Olga or him eh
Roco, whoever it is, I don't care.
The problem is once you're in there
what do you lend yourself to because if you lend yourself to
do to other people the same thing you do to yourself
you are complaining that they are doing to you
you then there you are a
hypocrite but of course What What What would it be
What are they doing to you? What would it be?
What are they doing to you I mean
start talking about your private life
a person who does not want to be spoken about
of his private life is a thing of which
He has been complaining a lot lately.
no you I don't mean that you start
calling someone an abuser
Obviously that would be very
heavy talking about it
The rest seems shameful to me.
the rest to me
They seem like a shame because the rest
I understand that it is Marta and he is the editor. No
what the editor is referring to
I guess they have
tried to recreate the same situation as
3 years ago
But
obviously different
form this if it goes for Marta and what
is speaking on the Claro que program
They have tried another one, I do believe you. It's that
Marta's thing doesn't have
We have not talked about this topic with you.
I mean, it was the other day with the others.
Okay, it's clear that with Marta Marta they have
tried to compare the theme of roso
Carrasco with her is like, let's see Marta, me.
I can understand Marta being upset that she is
and if Anton has behaved badly with her in
the sense that he has not wanted more with
her and has played with her as much as you
you want but I do not share your comparison
with Rooco Carrasco And now he understands
roso Carrasco because there are things that she
has lived and is like, I mean, he doesn't have
absolutely nothing to do with it or that
Roco Carrasco we are talking about a
eh a different situation and some
different experiences and hers is a
girlfriend he had with this man and
Well, it hasn't worked out, but it does.
In sex, yes, sought are topics
different topics So you love me
enter into the assessment that he is not
has behaved well with you that he is a
womanizer surprise we didn't know
Hey, he's been unfaithful to you, he's been a
little cheek with you that you have given in the
relationship more than him okay but from there to
Calling that abuse is a [ __ ] joke.
abyss eh friend but not even to insinuate it
not even eh
You see, Marta said that
He said it here and I don't know if he said it too
the save me not that of Anton Avid and the
This girl is so annoying with Tele5 that
Let's see if they invite her now, even if it weren't for nothing
even if it is and they give Isabel vila something
Okay, Isabel vila, yes, Marta Riesco.
He says that Antonio Vile acknowledged to him that
that was it
truth gave it here
infidelity what else listen to me Javi
How much more [ __ ] for this girl?
mature woman that she was telling us about
recently but if you already know that to his
20 year old woman He is recognizing you
According to you, he did that with Isabel vila
Let's see how I can explain it to you without it being
a lack of respect eh I have nothing in
against Isabel vila one thing is the p
But let's see, man, you put Olga and me
See what I'm telling you, I don't know what I already know.
What are you going to say, what happens in the end?
and clear to see and eye And that And that And that no
It's his fault, that's her fault, okay?
this is the thought that we have
many times from The bad guy for me goes to
change is going to fall in love with me
It's going to be
Love will be different with me
true and he won't want me
cheat on me Forget about him or her
a bastard or a [ __ ] is going to do it
all his life So it's not going to change
because you have appeared You are love
that not that
don't forget but what
that would be more respectful of the bad ones
woman who respects some bad ones more
I would have Olga but not her because
deserves more or less but for the type
of relationship and everything they have to do
but what do you mean is that I'm not talking to you anymore
so logically logically not you
A person will respect you a lot
made by you for 20 years as per
example, educate your children you should
show him respect but good outside
part of that which in the end if you already know
how is a person because he is a one or
sea is a public figure who is Box
people who work in the same chain
What is Box populi what that person
does not make him an unfaithful person
etc.
etcetera that you want to put in your
Fairy tale believing that it goes with you
to be different great I mean what to say
It's your problem but if it doesn't work out in the end
the blame is somewhat shared by him
be a jerk and do it and you already because
daughter you had
85,000 red flags You haven't seen them
because you didn't feel like it
I was missing one to give you
siren
connotations not the platform of
diffusion
eh the people who intervene the
ionization
eh And above all Well, a little bit not the
the discredit of all of them that
throughout all this time then
It has become clear
then each one is obviously free to
do what you want to do from there
We also enter into different
connotations such as disloyalty
betrayal eh But
Well, each person is as they are and
with their circumstances
also and if it had been for money
Well, I would have understood it because, well
Well, in the end, everyone knows their own
personal family circumstances
economic and if it is for money doing
an exercise could even go as far as
understand what I
It seems like an absolute exception and something
Rubin is selling you for a
sandwich listen to me Note that I don't know why
which of the two says this phrase or is it
I really don't know if he says it because of the
editor or by Marta to see point number
one eh I don't know which of the two he says
this sentence but point number one yes
Marta or the editor would have done it for
money instead of saying this
They would be saying What a disappointment you have
made by
money per cousin tells me still
I would understand if it was about money but no
I know which of the two to see, eh Marta
final indirectly yes the fact by not
Of course, not by a closed amount of
pasta but yes for a job not for a
job yes but maybe
It refers to the fact that it is a small thing and that is why it is
call sandwich That's why I tell you it is
I don't know if he's saying this because of Marta Claro.
because it could be more for Marta for him
fact that we understand that in quicky
charges very little at the moment
Let's see, I am the opinion that is
My personal opinion is that
for me they are using it, that is
What to say she is very eager to
back to TV eh And to return to
be a visible face and they are
using because it is that in each
program make clear what are the
intentions, that is, they were saying the
questions that you would like to ask him
face to face with the police the shell will be made and
One of the questions is Kiko's, how not?
I put Roco Carrasco back in for good measure.
half It's that you [ __ ] it's that it's that it sings
a lot of uncle no no of course they go to the last
to the last drop of what he can
Marta says related to the topic no
every day that Marta who by the way
Marta wanted to be a reporter, no
collaborator no and you are sitting
collaborator commenting on the gossip
Ok, good, but
also let's see is that Claro you Here
I understand that you might be saying that
I have done it and what if I haven't and what happens
which but it's like but if Marta already did it
I had done it for free here on telesalseo
like three or four
times or so What difference is there from what
Marta has told here that there or that is
The only thing that has changed Marta is the
position on the subject of abuse because here you
it seems little to see
But I already discussed it here with Marta.
once because of course Marta here and
with the theme of the book also that by
true I have to make a video about that siro
I have to do aunt that of all that
Only Marina Esnal have been fulfilled
things because Marina Esnal said what she
They were random. Look what they randomed.
Marina When we knew that Marina was
telling the truth Javi, what [ __ ] courage
Well, I have no courage, that is, me.
I already fully trusted Marina and the
time always courage the hosts that are
took the poor Marina When we knew
that what he was saying was true
Damn, look, Marina said of course, but
at that time it was necessary to defend
Marta Because Marta was with Antonio
David at the moment that Antonio David
He left Marta then there was a way
free to mess with Marta but everything
the whole world when Marta
I was with Anton and he protected her.
justified the I don't know what I don't know how much
how and when Marta left her
It was the worst Marta was such Marta was
Pascual is worth it
eh what Marina said okay she said that the
Antonia's family didn't want to with
Marta said it Marta now again
Marina mentioned that Marta was
I knew because I had already
presented as what had happened
with Benzema they have commented on it again
another afternoon in Salvame
m his relationship with Roco Flores too and
Marta with the book fuss
I was implying abuse
Do you remember that I was arguing here with Marina?
and with Marta well with Marta Because I
I said Marta, is that you are insinuating
This I mean no no no you're not saying it
to avoid a lawsuit But and oh and
There we go, he has already missed it
one of the three kicks has left her
bouncing not like I say no but like or
be totally that or be the things
What Marina said, all such and important
eh Antony David had call it fear
call it I don't know how to do it so that this
woman at the moment we break up I won't
Mount Christ the Father and It was
totally true but time is
It is also true that he gave it a bit of a go
reason Look maybe no he didn't behave
the same way now but maybe not
Maybe it's not that he was afraid of her.
But I did know what Marta would end up doing.
But even Jorge Jai said it.
He said you know who's going to give it to him
the last stake to Antonia
Marta avid
I risk and still and still Marta
save eh [ __ ] that I could throw at a
Antonio av because of course in the end it is a
relationship and in the end of course if you put yourself
you put yourself in a plan you don't save yourself
nothing for privacy and now you sell it
everything you are not everything yet sure that
If what I say now makes you feel bad
Antonio saw in this live capable and
Tomorrow we have a party, wait, I'll go to you.
say one thing about what you have said
telesalseo but then remind me about
Hey, sell everything you just said.
Okay
Hey, you were saying, well, let's see what?
there is a difference between what he has told and
what he said on telesalseo Eh well in
essence the story more or less was the
same worth there were nuances and things that have
adorned a little differently
different but the fact is that
make the insinuation I was making
Now that in telesalseo not only does it not
did but
made it clear that they were not going in that direction
shots for me change everything Javi Because
in the end that you for an infidelity
You know, I didn't need it.
Look, it's because we haven't
prepared the live and has planned if
I'm not looking for you, the click doesn't do it to me
Marta Riesco just needs to come and say it.
as clear as he said the other day
that maybe he didn't say it as clearly as
Roco But he said Well I want to clarify that
It's nothing physical, come on, you're saying O
whether you do that or not, whether it is not
Physical is psychological Yes of course
But I don't need Marta
do it like you did in save me for
My Marta when she was in the commotion of
book and that I have a discussion here
live with her because I know it
I was saying you're implying a
psychological abuse because the book
basically it's describing a
abuse
psychological and she said no no no no that
I'm saying it Look you're not what
that you are not recognizing it but you are
leaving it bouncing for whoever wants it
get something else is that now there is
said more clearly what happens than I understood
also Marina's empathy in that
moment for other things is worth it
I understood Marina's empathy but yes yes
Marta At that time I was doing
a very ugly insinuation Of course
Yes, of course. It's just that for me it's not that it's
doing to see if in the end you have
sense of a way or you feel that
They are treating you badly, you are in your
freedom of expression also of taking and
say it to tell your experience if you
you want and you feel like it and you don't want it
leave it in private, of course
we lost respect for even very
similar Javi is not the same to believe that
a person has not treated you well
to say that a person is an abuser
It's not the same thing, no, and that's the problem.
is that we already put in the bag when
We are talking about clear abuse here, it is already known
will have lost respect for the word
abuse, that is to say, the word abuse is already
since a person speaks badly of you in
a means to a nation man for God
let's see let's see there is a shape shape in in
To be honest, the other day I don't know what
You commented that I told you, so I
I thought to myself I'll kill him what the he is
psychological abuse is very difficult, okay?
It's very difficult and I'm telling you this right away.
very screwed hand
Of course I mean they are calling
psychological abuse to not wanting to
come back with you to be detained for a night
They sleep with you one night and the other
doesn't want to be with you and blocks you
speak badly of you in a magazine to which
let's see is that
Of course he called it psychological abuse, of course.
problem is that we are already putting the
the scale in which we call abuse
everything is clear to what
I'm not talking to you about Claro.
that is what we are putting at the same time
Of course we are calling it abuse.
psychological Not because it is put on
psychological label such good is
abuse would not fall within the
same crime I don't understand, not the same
played at least if it is if we are
Calling someone an abuser for being
what happened for example to an Orante
which denounced to an Orante that peace
Rest, what do we call an abuser?
also to a person who talks about his
ex-wife that his ex-wife also gives
exclusive and his ex-wife also puts it
green or for me no or for example in
Marta's case does not use the word
abuser but I like certain things
Well, man, I understand Roco Carrasco.
because Roco Carrasco I have lived
I understand some things just like her.
let's see you can take it and you can
say that it is something that I, for example,
I would agree more with what they said in
the TV what they said on TV about
Antonio David who may not be
so clear it is that it is clear that we are
the head comes quickly but by
example there are things that are talked about
Antonio said that it does fit me and it doesn't.
are related to abuse by
example the fact that Anton AB in
sometimes put people ahead
to say things that maybe you don't
want to say
We have seen him with Nuria
This is according to what he told us with Elo that
By the way, Antona denies it, eh?
I heard that part Consuelo told us
Here yes yes Consuelo told us here that
Antonio David when Nuria was in a
YouTube channel doing an interview
that Antonio David called her Consuelo
Ask this question so that Nuria can answer you.
answer this and Aha conelo I was going to the chat
from YouTube asked Nuria the question
and knowing what Nuria was going to answer
that Nuria surely At that moment
Of course then they are little things that I
maybe match with other things that
They have said things about him but not with abuse
not by calling it abuse, or rather I
I can say that Antonia surely saw
There are things that I have had with Roso
Carrasco with collaborators of salv lo
that I do not agree but
No, I wouldn't call him an abuser, I'm not saying.
I'm going
no I mean but if it is that
see if you can say that a person
This person is an [ __ ]
This gentleman did not have the right attitude towards me.
This man has been an [ __ ] to me or
I mean, there are 800,000 ways to call it.
He has been unfaithful to me, he has behaved badly
With me he has been a cheat, he has been a
playboy So what can you say?
many words to say that
person with you has not been like you
you expected or it has not behaved
correctly but it is that he mistreats me
It seems to me that the first thing is a
crime Okay and the second thing that covers a
infinitely worse treatment Then the
The problem is that if absolutely everything
We call it abuse, we are taking away from it
the real value of the word when
we are equating super strong things
with things that Ah is that it does not make me
feel good like the fairy tale princess
that I am a host no no abuse
The crime of abuse is that you cause
the psychological damage to the person with the
intention to
Although I can say many times
Antonio already son that has gone to the
the cakes you have commented on the
cakes also that you have reached
YouTube and you continue with the Rosio topic
Carrasco all you want but
you can see Heavy you can see it intense
you can see many things too
I also see Rosio Carrasco throwing at him
when you can And before the topic of the
reports abuse used their
tools, your journalists and your things
He has been denouncing and speaking all his life.
from behind with journalists etc.
etc. etc. is
one is something else that I do not consider that
it is a crime of abuse because I do not
I think Antony Avi should do it for you.
cause harm
eh psychological I consider that they are
other moves, other enmities and others
problems and others such or that is because by
That rule of three I do consider that
Roco Carrasco has had the intention of
making this documentary and everything that has
ail side and everything that has been set up for
that this man be fired from his job
such and such but I don't call it abuse
I call it your move and your war no
Revenge for me is revenge in all
clear rule, I mean, I don't think Ros
Carrasco did it because let's see what I'm doing.
I think the thing is that they have a
media war from the beginning in
the one in which one tries to make the other look worse
one with more intensity than the one
another one more in front The other one to the
better more from behind with friends with what
that is fine But there are many things of the
a story that will never be understood is worth it
the children the children I the subject of the child
They haven't given me any yet.
explanation
children I don't understand it, it's about the daughter and
It's the daughter's thing and But you say Well
come on okay she can't get over it whatever it is
Ok, but what about the son we have?
We have an explanation for the
son
then from the Father And from the sister but
Well, there's a lot of gilo
there said
You have this put in for two others
that I have it on
speed channels of
YouTube this
not that I have been pointed out on channels of
Youtube of having committed a
infidelity and how
I am an abuser, that's why I have
exercised
violence wait let it end by
Please, what am I going to answer?
a YouTube channel has been flagged as
abuse for having been unfaithful, yes, leave him
leave him
finish I honestly don't know until
where How far are we going to go neither nor
nor the the the penalty that justice is
too slow and obviously you have to
orchestrate everything prepare everything
work everything so that there is no margin
of
mistake but I find it regrettable
those who at the time criticized
obviously under no circumstances
conviction but
simply
this can allow
that assessments be made of that
type in in his
channel I'm on
sunk already leave it here Leave me
let me answer myself first please
but let's see who is doing this
saying Look, I'll tell you, I'll tell you
he is saying it
for the comment he made the other day
Sister Cotilla in the
direct that is for your opinion for
She thought infidelity was abuse.
Okay, you're lying, Antonio, I'm telling you.
You're already lying, okay, why not?
It is true that the owner of the Channel does not
if nothing is said to the person who
made that comment is more not only
the owner of the Canal but the rest of
people who were collaborating in
that moment with her, that is, it was told to her
which in the opinion of the rest was
wrong and that obviously a
infidelity could be classified as
as mistreatment as your opinion was
personal is is It is your personal opinion
but that could not be classified as such
then it is what you are lying about
saying so much the owner of the Channel
like the rest of the collaborators who were there
At that moment they caught his attention
That's the first thing, the second thing, eh, does the
Well, he makes the insinuation, he doesn't say it.
openly that the owner of that channel
that you have not silenced that person or not
has said anything to that person a while ago
time was defending the opposite
not by conviction but by money
Hey Javi, when did he do the
first eh
chapter I understand eh la la
docuseries made it thinking he wasn't leaving
to eat a turd and I tell you because
spoke to me on the phone before
record it and still did it Well look
He was lucky and it exploded on Facebook but
He did it without any profit motive
because I thought it was a topic that was not
It was going to be of no interest because
At that time, what Javi played was not
this type of topics but I saw it Jo told me
is that a lot of things throw me off
I'm going to start using a motorcycle and I'm going to
do this and did it Then I don't
tell stories because in that
good moment when you were sucking his ass
saying that his videos had you
served for eh your cause or rather I am already
a bit fed up with the mantra
This is that the others have won
money at your expense I'm a little fed up
the
balls because you have also
pocketed money with this that seems to
we forget to see if you believe that you
on on on YouTube you are not here winning
pasta you are here for the love of art don't you
[ __ ]
you have already left it, ...
no, let's see, I have little left to add more
that maybe put that part because
Of course I hope there is one
rectification that goes hand in hand with
when he stated that we crushed
her friend and donor Loli Huerta When
stopped donating here okay maybe we
We are waiting for certification
a lot of time eh point number one
As you have rightly added here in the
channel I have been dealing with gossip issues
lifetime
Hey, my channel started in 2015.
and from time to time there have been issues of the
tele punctually that I have played but
did not have a dedicated channel
exclusively to this in fact were the
that gave less visits gave me more
visits At that time other topics
For example, those on YouTube are worth it.
made this topic eh it seemed like a topic to me
interesting to play because when I saw
the first documentary episode that
they scored two in a row, zero and one not
The next day I said, damn, let's record a
video This was told to me by Lorena and then
I talked to you. Do you remember that I do everything?
I'm going to play it even if I have few
visits I don't know what it's worth And my opinion
on the subject my opinion on the subject
Okay, it was the one at minute one
from the video one that I have on the subject
What is the video called Roso Carrasco?
I don't believe you, okay, then something else is that
I like the video because I'm going to repeat it.
very clear okay if there are people who call me
arrogant whatever is overbearing whatever is
Ok, but it's a true truth.
Hey, when I uploaded that video to Facebook,
What I did was bring a bunch of
public to YouTube and suddenly many
channels that dealt with the same topics
that I or not Or they didn't have channels or
not even channels came out of the heart of
everywhere why Because I brought a
a lot of public to this and it became very
very popular on YouTube about everything
My position is good, so much is so, so much
This is why my position was adopted by a
lots of channels that up to the third or
fourth episode they didn't have any or so
the first channel on YouTube the first
channel and the only one that was defending
Antonio David during the documentary I was
I then halfway through the documentary some
who were giving him a hard time changed their opinion
based on surveys and based on things not
who saw that the position that had to be
to take was the one that there is no but it is
He knows that, what happens is that
He knows that, but he did it at the time.
He didn't want to expose it because he was interested
the communities of the other channels
then see if you are going to have now the
nerve to throw things in my face that
has not been able to throw it out to the others
No, then it is true that
over time last year He me
Antonio David called me when I had a
I have a problem with a YouTuber wanting to
Look, I didn't do it at the time.
I support you now I don't know how much I said
Look, I have agreed on some things with that guy.
youtuber we leave it like that and that's it
But man, it seems to me that this is where it is
making a mistake if it's for me, eh, no
We know if there is perhaps another channel that
maybe some of the collaborators
by phone by audio whatever there is
That said, we're getting ahead of ourselves.
Okay, I certainly don't feel like it.
identified But because here when Sor
Gossip said that he was not allowed to but
let's go neither nor nor nor did he allow it
owner of the Canal nor did they allow it
collaborators like you are fine
saying Look and see It's not that he doesn't know
allowed to say it said it said why
is giving his opinion But the thing is that the
The rest of the people told him no
were from
clear agreement No but here it is called in the
chat and in the chat people also get it
Javi said it caught his attention but it is
that's why I'm telling you that
maybe maybe we are
moving forward and goes to another channel than me
I don't watch the other live shows and I don't know if
the best on other channels that yes that
They may be because on other occasions they have
said similar things about him although he
has not responded, it may be
that has slipped into other channels
I don't know, okay. What I know is that here
When Gossip said that, it was called the
attention of course Okay then no
I'm not going to take any hint from any of them
These words are worth it. And we will wait for
see if he clarifies it at some point. Good.
I completely rule it out because it hasn't
clarified a lot of things that have
pending is not going to clarify this is not this
It is a ma that lets it rotate and that's it
It's Ah I'm going to tell you It's that this this has
fact many times says things without saying
the name and then whoever wants to
put the suit on I think that
better go to other channels because there are
other channels that usually say this
again and again and just like that Look at me
I have been There has been Also, trust you that
Also, look, sorry to interrupt you.
But he said at the beginning of the
comment has left as if the
Justice is slow and it must be tied up.
I know that clearly there is another channel to which he
He said a year or a year and a half or two ago that
I was going to sue him for the necklace
punishment I don't know what I don't know how much of
At the moment nothing is known about that. And
better or it's just talk or it's not true or
he's referring to me, he's not really referring to me.
I know it's clear how he left it like that, no
Of course the thing is that there have been others
comments and
and that you could have given up
alluded to or people in the chat could you
be saying yes Look this was for you and
I have had many comments that
I told you this I think it's not about you or
don't take it personally because I think
This is not about you, but this is
comment specifically fits me
too much the truth But what do you
fits in the comment Sor Cotilla No
because we fit me in the
comment fits me with the insinuation
usual that he has not been defended
eh in a genuine way but it has been
defended for money
and ena with what I've been hearing
During a year that a person is
did The Wave for money and when that
person stopped donating and he started to
attack I mean they fit me like many others
you understand things but it is that if it is
Saying it for me it will be
liar and the same people will call him
of a liar tomorrow on Twitter
because above me there are the
videos that belong to the first two
or three weeks of the documentary where I
without expecting that this topic would explode
Okay, I made those videos because that was what it was.
that Vale thought and yet there is no
another channel that has the click that
have the first week and the second
week defending him okay or so he is
that says there is another channel that says
that there is another channel that defended him from
Episode zero is completely fake
because there are a lot of clips where
all the few channels that were in
YouTube
They threw him and they threw his daughter
Okay, and that's the cl, that is, this is not
This is not a hoax by Javi Oliveira nor
an invention not even Javi Oliveira No no
This is a factor and that's the data.
there the only channel that is also waiting
It is a lie that it is also a lie that it is
that one be made to him
that Loli died because she stopped
donate money and they have been with it for a year and a half
the same
[ __ ] and he said it that's something else
that he has become a liar
That's why I tell you
I don't think he's a liar.
The truth matters a lot, huh? No, no, I see.
I see, but that's why I'm telling you, anyway.
I would be a liar again if I had
referring to me as saying that here
We have defended a cause for money that
we did not defend, let's see, I am already
if calling it causes as if
we were talking about the children of
Africa already seems to me to be a thing that is like
Hey look, sorry, I respect the word no.
eh but of course I don't give in
alluded to because precisely here in my
channel and are still public what
There are a series of videos without me having
no idea what I was going to talk to you about
This man in life nor with this
man neither with Jorge nor with Rocillo nor
with no one is worth in which I gave my
opinion completely contrary to that of
all the media at that time and a
fully current
unpopular happens that then with the passage
of the weeks with the passing of the
episodes that are true on the one hand
the channels that were against
Antonio avid eh they changed their minds
because they saw that my position was
the most applauded and then with the step
Even after more weeks, channels came out
from everywhere that suddenly good
little more and that they were part of the family
Flores Moreno, coo, they invite little more
people saw before their own
brothers You understand me As in fact of
made before you made the video
conversation we had or really
The conversation was: they're going to rain on us.
hosts even in the Flesh identity
because the majority feeling of the
people who were seen to be daring
to talk about the subject in public was for
supposedly supporting the victim of
Biogen, how could you possibly think of it?
dismantle the story and we thought that we
were going to rain and that their image for this
kind of attitudes and this kind of things
Well, it is as it is and its credibility
It is the way it is because it is not by choice or
It is obviously one thing, eh?
respect and the presumption of innocence
No, of course, it's another thing when you
you hear a person telling you to
then he tells you b and then he tells you c because
Of course this would have been solved
Simply if this comment
made with the name of the Channel and with
surnames and such peres still if you want
point out Sister Cotilla, okay, imagine
Hey, look, they said this, they said
This barbarity on a channel
I would understand but of course don't add anything later
that the owner of the Canal has allowed it
because you are here
lying because the owner of the Channel but
That's why I tell you that yes, that
I mean yes yes I can believe that that
says for you because then comes the
second part of why the owner of the
Canal has not genuinely defended me
but for money, which is an accusation that
Javi has already done so on other occasions. Yes
but it has been done to others no Then
Maybe he did that to me too.
accusation on another occasion
Well, look, Antonio, you're an avid Rey.
a super high self-esteem if you think about it
that's what we really need you for
live or I charge the same or less for
a video about you or something about you
your topic that for a topic by Daniel Sancho
eh any field
eh any YouTube any movement
Javi Oliveira was here since 2015 you
You came here for Javi
oliveira my God of my
life I know there are many people who
wants sold I know but it is not from now or
I've been in bass for almost 30 years.
that situation
with that yoke and here I am I don't know I have
bad
face well my face is not bad either no
or what I don't like I don't like
likes victimization and putting people in
all in the same bag
because one thing is that it has been committed
an injustice to you regarding the subject
from the dismissal in the way in which you
dismissed the accusation of a crime
public and that you are still being followed today
you are still called that way without
there must be no type of sentence for
medium, that is, they skipped the state of
straight through the lining in all that you are
has defended and I think I think you are being followed
defending But that doesn't mean that
you are right in everything that is said of you
that agree with everything because it is not
you have to be okay with us
everything you do that we have to
all your attitudes seem good
don't confuse don't confuse or rather it's that
They are two very different things, eh, I mean
that we defend you in something that
We think it's unfair doesn't mean
that we can't criticize 800 other things
what are you doing
publicly that may seem bad to us
and that doesn't even mean that we love you
see you sunk or that we are on top of you
nor that we are harassing you no no no no
Don't get confused, my friend, don't get confused, that is
I am from the victimhood of everyone
hair abut here there is a factor that to the
better not realize or not want to realize
account because of course if you eh if you
It seemed very good, not the same as he says.
It's not that people supported me for money
Okay, well, if you're seeing that
People supported you for money, I don't know what
you were doing by inviting him to your channel and doing
rounds of youtubers on your channel with
youtubers even with those you couldn't
see but for whatever reason you were interested in
that moment getting along is fine but
Of course, yes, you, yes, you, a YouTuber
it seems to you that he is acting with you
falsely and is defending you
falsely or for money you do not invite him to
Don't include your channel in collaborations
to be there, getting along with everyone
Okay, when later on behind the thing doesn't
It is like that but then apart from that Then
Antonio VI only approves when
make money talking about him but saying
what he likes no Or in the
the moment you start talking about Antonio
I'm eager to comment on things you're not into.
according to him there he is bothered and
people eat it and all that stuff
I understand no. So it seems fine to him.
only when there is a cause not as
if this were a
church
Okay and countless other things
I also want to say something
Let's see a second, okay, because I have it here
a little thing I would like to upload I'm going to
give it a little bit okay I need a little bit
four on YouTube there it is
let
review I am a person who does not
I lend to even my closest circle
talking about my private things is a lie
basically by with a measure of
protection because this is sad that I am going
to say but in reality I mean no no
you can practically trust
Nobody since at the beginning everything can
go very well but when for some reason
or for some reason things stop going well
that they may know that belongs to you
strict privacy that you can have
in a
conversation stops being something intimate and
It is used as a throwing weapon even
proposing to your benefit no longer in your
against but even in your
benefit I mean
that I am an absolutely person
rigorous and strict with my privacy and
When I say nobody to nobody I count
nothing that has to do with my life
private
I understand that this is about the editor, right?
I understand that yes I understand that yes I understand
Yes, of course, but this is already part of the
editor I didn't see it I don't know exactly what
that Claro said because he's been watching everything
a little in a hurry
when man to
see I do not deny no That is, I do not deny that
that what he is saying could be true
and there are people close to you who have
confident and then they sold it
telling intimacies but not much
you learned when you were with one
person who told his 247 in Stories of
Instagram is self-critical and sees it as
I got hit but it was because of the face or
be but but listen to me it's that in the end
Aunt, I'm going to do my thing completely.
Because look, there was something good that I'm going to tell you.
tell you there was no time when
I said look here already completely
secrecy here, no one new comes anymore
more than those who are worth here, I don't know
about no one new is worth of the
that are eh Unless it's a
famous youtuber or someone from the
TV that I called for something
interviewed or whatever is fine but here
already helps channels collaborations with
channels and such are those that are
They are and such, okay. And I'm doing my thing, so to speak.
about this issue of the editor by
example first of all is that I found out
several days after the issue no
and secondly because I didn't see anything either
relevant or anything like that. And well, it is.
content that does not belong to my circle
and F without more is worth it but it is that even being
to my [ __ ] thing Even being to my [ __ ] thing
roll
there are still people who are
[Music]
obsessed revolves around me in the end
without that is to say I'm in my [ __ ] ball in the
I am dealing with issues of the heart
that have nothing to do with any
another youtuber or anything like that and in
the main topics I am reading with
a lot of topics and a lot of things
aunt who is like or absolutely
far from finding out about many of the
things that they put me in and yet
They put me in, I mean, we should see the one
channels that when the interview came out
from the editor or the chat with the editor
they put me in the middle or they
They blamed me for what the editor said
which is like uncle or
did you know if on a channel I said I say
Mother of God, uncle, I've been here for three months
without doing live but leave me alone if
The other day they were still on a channel
saying how bad you and I were
He said, "But do you want to leave me alone?"
I've been TR months without
to show how bad you and I were but
They were talking about the editor they were
talking about that topic Yes, I mean, but I mean
let's see no, no, I don't know, I don't know, I mean, we weren't
bad for that specific issue eh But
They took us out of that topic
vary of course here everything is related
Ah, I would be maybe in the
warn and in the main channel with it
Yes yes of course of course of course mother of
God, you have to be Teresa's nipple.
Alceo, we have to clarify this.
I add more
eh I don't send anyone to talk about this
It is good that it insinuates certain
things like maybe to get to do
see the people who could be behind those
comments that she is making
person This is what Consuelo does not
I understand to see clearly here now I already
You put Consuelo Antonio avid and I have
to create one of the two that I already told you
at this point with what we have just seen
no I don't understand what this is
Responding to Consuelo's question, no
I guess when Ade Speaks he speaks I don't
I need no emissary, no one
I don't need any friend or enemy
I don't need them, I need you to
you have to really laugh you have to
It's clear I can't say anything because
I don't cha But and I and I'm going to shut up
you know but you have to laugh
listening to this but let's see It's that I have
My opinion is obviously if I have to
that I believe what he has told me
Consolation what or what he answers
Well, the truth is that I don't know in these
At times I have more credibility with him
Consuelo what do you
I say I have to clarify something
I do it as we have not done before
started the live like this
which probably if for me this was
a
business that I don't understand as a
careful business that is my my my job
my my economic support
eh that's what gives me
eat Stop it for a second Stop it for a second
second, that is, it is your job, your livelihood
economic what feeds you but not
He sees it as a business in which
we stayed I have not understood here the
somersault eh I didn't understand this here
I don't see somersault as a business. But
It is my work, my livelihood, that gives me
to eat host Then it's your business
It is not true what they are putting in the
chat talk talk to yourself for a moment aunt who
I have to go to the bathroom for an hour
and it is true what he is saying in the
chat that the editor the other day
He said that he was passing by the
channel chats speaking on behalf
Antonio's
David but I see it more related to
What you said, Consuelo, this is what I'm going to say.
I'm going to the bathroom because I can't hold it.
more Eh, I won't be long. You speak, I trust.
you yes nothing I have taken off Or rather I put on
right now the
camera no but let's see how or how
Do you see it the same? It's that I have
gone crazy but that is for me a
business is your job your way of
life with precisely what
you take it to your house no and and that is it is it is
your business but that is your job
but it's not your business I don't understand or
be or is giving business a
negative connotation that I don't know what
It is Javi of his own free will and the one who is not
I fed him
No one is normal that you speak ill of ad here
You can't see it, huh? We're not giving it.
our opinion or whatever but that is what it is
What I said before is that we have a
Mania that how he has been defended from
an injustice seems to have to be done
put it on an altar and it does nothing wrong
Of course he does things wrong like we do
bad things we all know and we know the others
bad things also criticize us for why
You can't do it with him because you say one thing
bad thing about Antony David and the regional government
automatically people come to tell you
you are envious, you are an I don't know what you are
a no s cuos why or rather it is a
person who makes a public statement
and I will be able to criticize what he says and what he does.
does not publicly Where is the
problem, that is, it seems that there are people
Untouchable, no, it seems that way.
be that you understand that we speak ill of
Antonio avid because you can't handle him
It seems that you are very angry with him. Look
honestly he is not a person or anything
can see or look at me you want me to
say what I see when I see
Antonio saw disappointment for me disappointment
Okay, at this point I've already said it.
before no I mean I already do few things
They can disappoint in life but
when I see it it is or rather when I see
These images are not trying to give
explanations that I see as slaps
of drowned people Because I honestly see it
as he is saying many things without
sense that in the end it does have
still a certain community to which
It convinces but most of us here are
we are looking at some explanations
completely empty without even meaning
lies not that we are hearing me
when I met Antonio he was worth it to me
Hey, m, m, me, it gave me another image.
I even remember that I have live shows
in which I literally say that
now of course
That's an opinion I have far removed from.
I imagine I even said [ __ ] I see it
a guy very like me, do you remember him saying?
That said, I see him as a very nice guy.
So this tells you ch for adante that
This tells you, pin Andalusian bread over here
I am completely disappointed there
I started to get carried away by various moves in the
that we were in the middle and he was not there
the height
and I see that it could have been one thing
who had the opportunity because of course he
He plays the victim a lot. Well, he doesn't play the victim a lot.
They have not been made to deal with the subject of crushing
television the label that has been put on it
no and the exile, the media exile
he had the perfect opportunity to
to have been able to get ahead as
a crack because he had the support of
all networks the support of all
YouTube channels Of course but he didn't know the
In the end I think it is also part of
that in the end you teach it to them
true self You know how to show your true self
As you are, in the end you understand me and
you put your foot in it, it's not that you put your foot in it
yes you are like that you already know but he
could right now He is with dozens of
thousands of viewers in their live streams
Every week in two or three live broadcasts
with many views on YouTube and with
much better image and maybe
They would even be calling him and in the end
Look, even with these it continues
having But what I see is
disappointment
because it is not that they are not going well for him, it is not that they are not going well for him
They are doing well in the subjects that are not going well
only the trial went well for him
from this judgment of why it was that
an unfair dismissal is worth it But at
final has lost a lot of support has lost
many youtubers who are no longer with him
Hey, he's lost a lot, I mean, I don't know what.
I tell you, I mean, it's not that I can't do it
see or can see that it is a person
I don't care, he's a person who
He could have been a good colleague and without
However, for now he is a character
of those treated in the channel as
It could be Nodal, I don't know him.
Nothing Angel Aguilar or The
Rubius and with less relevance Even you
I would say Yes with the difference that
that having seen both of its faces perhaps
you can give your opinion with more criteria than
that of a nodal or that of a you understand me
What I want to tell you is yes, but that is the
part of which I even
me I don't see I don't I haven't had any treatment
with him in private never never had to
we will see close friends but we have had
hours and hours of chatting on the phone and
to tell us things and I have never
told me nothing about what he has
counted by phone if given any Mati
some nonsense for sure but I
I had this certain good [ __ ] or something
nice to meet you you know like no
no and what and what you had it on steam and me
It is clear because you said it to me but there was
We had it very much on top of us, there was a moment, eh
In which it was like my disappointment was a
moment when I said something public
about a person who was hitting on me
in public it is worth Y
He didn't show me his support, not only didn't he
showed me his support but made a
movement to look good on everyone
the parts where he made me look bad and
there I felt completely decided that
I was left like that, all cut off and even
Lorena told me Javi is not your friend, he is
a person from TV person from here
as if it were another character and there
I started it like that and well, damn. It's that
Here we are seeing him lying in a
a lot of things you know then it's not that
I can't see it or feel it
contempt for him or anything like that
when I have to say something good about him
I say it The thing is How many opportunities
I'm going to speak well of him, let's see, I don't
For my part, I cannot describe it as
disappointment because I have not had
I deal with him Then I get disappointed
when I have esteem for someone or when
I expect something from that someone, that is, in
the moment when I expect nothing
I don't have any dealings with him. I don't have any dealings with him.
I can call it a disappointment
absolutely but I do think that your
behavior leaves much to be desired
wish in several aspects then in the
moment in which he is exposing himself
publicly I can give my opinion on what
that he exposes the same thing to himself
If you feel like it, answer me.
answer you know or but you answer with
true Come on, don't go saying that
us or because you want to take
good for whatever it is because your relationship
with that lady it's beyond YouTube
you start throwing at me with something that is
lie uncle during your entire hearing
you start throwing something at me
which is objectively a lie and that now
Today I see you laughing at the
Lady doesn't make you a donation and you laugh
from the donation there with the people no
because you know what there is to be
past no
eh but just in case just in case not
apologizes for what he did in his
moment and for the public support that it
showed that public support what it did
was to make that lady come
up and not only that lady but her
clique eh And and the consequences that
We have suffered for a year
as a result of his public approval of what
that lady was doing and saying to
due to its very public approval
different from what I have done when I
It happened to him because I did earn a lot of money
At the time, yes, I did win it.
Eh I had very much of everything probably
also the lesson of life is that one
must have the ability to
and knowing that life is just one
roller coaster there are times where you are
up enjoy obviously when you
is above but the most important thing is
all
is
know and
accept that there are times when you can
be down and once you are down
you have to have enough capacity
enough to endure as long as you are
down below Knowing also what is below
and
Fortunately, I know him very well.
being up and being
down and that doesn't suit me
It scares me because I have the capacity to
of work of sacrifice as for
power H be the head and the
good financial support for my family
I'm not going to get into this no no because
I understand that what is important is
be calm with yourself, be well
that everything will go
well ruin my
calm to nothing
no one is coming
to ruin my
calm down because obviously I have
had enemies much more than much more
wingspan of much greater weight of much
more strength of much more
capacity with all this I mean that
within that desire to win and
bill and bill and bill and
billing I am very glad that
part of this summer's more
of any of all
They here continue talking about the
youtubers or who the [ __ ] is he talking about
clear here
already
Of course I repeat it
I repeat the one who was dead, the one who is
This summer I will be on vacation
I am very glad that part of it is part of
this summer's vacations in addition to
any of all
they the one who was dead the one who is
sunken the one who is not spoken of, the one who
They do not appear in the media
that people have it
forgotten
or you are feeding good parait
I understand that you do not mean by that
feed him no no no listen to me please
just in case just in case I'm going to do it
Throw people come on those like those super
chat and those members that Javi has for me
to pay for this person's vacation
Of course, let me tell you, there's little movement here.
I'm seeing little movement here
member of Super chat eh or that is the
summer vacation with Just like that, just like that, no
are you going to pay me for summer vacation or
be the summer holidays with the
videos with videos about Antonio
David that I am carrying this summer does not
I don't even pay for the photo with the other Tweety Bird
day that cost me 27 bucks what the [ __ ]
vacation from
summer but of course I don't know who it is
refers to whoever it is
I think he is already putting in
everyone in the sack is here
talking about those of the save me of
Marta from the editor I don't think the editor doesn't
has charged nothing for this if the publisher does not
has charged, I see it as complicated that it has
paid for the summer holidays for that
tea
wow man, he's a machine, huh? Oh well.
Of course, of course. There is some youtuber. Of course.
Of course, there is some youtuber who has
all the live themes are not
Well what happens many times when you
You go and no and no, damn, go to the YouTuber and tell him
whatever you want to say Hey by Javi
This was the other day on his live show Oye yo
that I am who I think I am
YouTuber who receives the most criticism per day
I mean, I think I'm the only YouTuber.
that you put Javi Oliveira every day in
YouTube and there are five or six channels that
They are making videos about me Much more
What about Antonio David, damn it? Well, if you have
What to say about Javi Li's telesalseo
See, say it, but I'm going to do it.
take it as it is if it is what I am
I have is that I don't take things to heart
Personally, I don't even think about Rayo in a plan outside of
YouTube nor in real life I once
I turn off the computer, what happened?
It happened here, damn it, so say it, Javi.
The other day on your channel you allowed this
and then it becomes clear to me that he is after me
Javi, yes, damn it, you've paid for it.
Tweety's photo at my expense, damn it, now
s but of course if not the such And now to the
There are better channels that I don't even watch because
I removed his existence from my life
Okay, and I don't even know what goes up or what goes down
Of course. Well, maybe I'm giving myself up.
alluded to because of course it is not that
be a characteristic of truth and
sincerity of this man because of course
the best thing is saying something that is not
It's for me, I take it as it's for me.
my [ __ ] for who it goes
It doesn't change the FR I'm putting on.
nervous
of of of July of
August this one that is here
Hello, Claro is paying but you don't, you don't.
It was important to pay me in 2021, that is, in the
year 2021 which by the way I won a lot
less money than in 2023 there is no
you cared to pay me
against Bueno a cause that was little more
eh worthy of an NGO Now what happens that
now when there is disagreement Now not
Now we are accused of earning what we
We, the YouTubers Antonio David, did not win.
That's why you came Vale when
Did you meet YouTube? Thanks Oliveira.
YouTubers, we've been winning
money since the dokus series came out and
since before the dokus series came out
Okay, so we don't owe you anything.
nothing And I say that for everything for me for
all my classmates like the tag team
don't be, it's just that it's the truth
and I can agree more now and
less Deer according to many of the
fellow youtubers for sure but
Damn, you can't blame her.
people who make money off you when you don't
you have cared that they make money on
you when it was to defend you and to
give it to Roco Carrasco and Jorge
Javier, damn, you didn't care there and
Hash I reveal myself there you have not cared
that we used Twitter no I mean
Now you care Because now we are not
I agree with you on this and that
and in the man there is no [ __ ] way to talk
of you always or on the occasions that
you you
like a little bit of music I have
forgotten
people are saying they are going for another one
channel that is clear but clear as it remains
So
as so broad but let's go even if it were
On another channel it seems the same to me
because if it goes through another channel maybe
that other channel if I hadn't given it
rope and spunk or getting along with it
At the time, maybe that channel
today I could not be the things that
does you know how too but apart
everyone also has the right to
give your opinion, you know, take action with whom
I think I have to take them
but let's go but let's go but let's go somewhere
that already Look even if he doesn't go he will go
warming up is going away
warming up He pays me the
vacation to me or another colleague he or I
or other colleagues we are going to leave
holidays thanks to him well he ends
to say that I had his eating no Well
Look, Antonio David feeds you.
Hey, Matamoro's daughter, Matamoro's daughter.
The sheep of the mustache, the terelu, the
Terelu's sister
reading and ad broncano Hernndez The boyfriend
from Hernndez Jorge Javier to you give
com
ok a B with a tell me yes you can hear it
music with that I
go yes you can hear it, it's not worth it, it's heard softly.
the idea that is heard quietly
Perfect Well we've been here for 30 minutes
direct thanks to the 5000 people who
they are us
seeing I don't know if those 5000 people who
They are already there They are fine I'm going to do it
straight
Please I don't know what will become of us
I don't know what's going to happen they will have
greater number of people than
can see this
content and
you say that's it
family It's already there, let's stop for a little bit
but I thought we would know a little bit more
more So in the end answer what
It is said to answer no
call it too pretty I don't know if
then the collaborators have gone up
and some will have said something more
respect or but really what has
He said that he has not contributed either
too much the
I really expected something a little clearer.
very similar, not in the end what he said
honestly if there was a person or something
there would be a person accusing me
of what the editor accuses him of and why
on the other side another person doing
insinuations with them
collaborators with whom Eh have me
been calling abuser is
making accusations of that kind to
integrate into the little group
Personally, it would be quite a bit more
forceful now that it may be that
want to take it legally
[Laughs]
but let's see for the legal life I don't
I think Tesa because you and Luis Miguel
I'm not looking for him, save me.
but of course I am
thinking that taking it by the road
legal that would have to see to leave today
and say, Hey, look, I haven't
been able to pay for this and for this Hey it is
What this man said is true, I'm going to
try to pay him or I don't know what not. That is
what would it have to do with it, I don't mean by the
legal way on the whole issue of Marta no
I know to what extent
I don't see it, I don't see it, but oh well, yes
Maybe he tells you that, let's see, let's see what
What have they said today about the topic of Juan
in
save me from talking to an employee
he who of him an employee employee deo
They see it, they see everything, what's up?
similar to Mara Patio the video that
I did the other day on the main channel
Damn Patio could you unblock me and
Tell me what you think, he's handsome, have you seen him?
The main channel video is that
Of course I uploaded it on the main channel.
on telesalseo but you should see it eh or
in that video he caught up to the
palate eh an editor but it is It is that it is
dismantle it alone, man, but I saw it in
everything eh absolutely everything eh that I did
the
videos that you owe him
He didn't expect that he won during the
first months he no longer earns it when
people still believed it
Pati was winning and is giving it to the
Antonio you days Eh go sack Eh Did you see the
another day the answer that I uploaded to
Twitter when he said what I have
legitimate money I don't know what I don't know how much
He managed to win for I don't know how many years
months I don't want to lie like
35000 he has not paid at all
no one is not 35000 in a year are
35,000 per month
friend who before you were saying 35000
a year no no she just said she was
earning 35,000 a season
month to see what happens here is that the
we will never be able to know the exact numbers
It's worth what the editor said in the what
He said if my memory serves me right
correct me if I'm wrong what what
The editor said the other day that it was that already
I tell you I've heard it all
very fast and after having come from
I've been to Madrid more or less a little bit.
grabbing everything there was and I also
seen something out there on the Canal de
FJ I don't know what I've been seeing bits and pieces, okay?
But what the editor said was not 35,000
per month the editor thinks that of course according to
social Blade which estimates that in that
time that she was with him since they are around
the 35 40,000 Or at least that's the
estimate that this page makes but
clear the estimates that this makes
page on the topic of not even is
reliable to
100% in visits because when By
example you delete videos or put them in
hidden and such here does not tell you anything nor does it tell you
the counts or anything that should follow
appearing the fact that you delete a
video shouldn't take away your views
They are visits that your channel has had.
But the money thing is that it is
impossible why because this people
He's not going to understand it, eh, on the visits of
YouTube doesn't tell you how much money it charges
a channel is worth it I can have a video of
50,000 visits that generate 300 and I can
have a video with 50,000 views that
generate 40 or rather has absolutely no
nothing to do with it, there is no rule of three
It depends on where a lot of it comes from.
factors depend on a lot of
factors how long the video is
audience retention you have if the
he sees it whole or he doesn't see it whole, that is to say
It depends on many factors.
Personally, I personally think
that Antonio
David in the good years is worth this much
I had to see clearly that it does not appear here in its entirety
Not every year it doesn't appear here.
since January, well, more or less not here.
would be created
channel
Well the channel started right after
the concentration in November Of course
We are not talking about November here
Look at the first month the first month 3
millions and then I was having one two
here he left it completely or
I would delete it, I don't know why tanoca is worth it but
three or
it means that you don't even have one
continuity of saying Good for so much
But man, the total, the total would be very
complicated to calculate but we are getting there
referring to this time No man I
I think that at this time there is
generated the channel more than 30 and 40 and
and I don't know if it hasn't generated it
I did very badly, do you understand me? Yes, but what?
Maria Patio or Maria Patio says
about 35000 400.00 to
Pati speaks monthly, he managed to win
during those times I don't want to lie
as
35000 Of course but I of course dur arrived at
earn 35,000 Claro for many months
but it refers to You think that it is
refers to each month, of course, let's see.
a figure that he could have achieved
easily if I had worked well
ok but he hasn't done it then I
I think that maybe he could have been
charging for some months
5000 I think I came to know eh what
that generated the channel eh but come on me
I would say that I would say that maybe one
average of some month 4000 another month 3000
another month 5 another month 6 you know I think one
thing yes then in total of all the
months or so that it was active yes
which are more than 30,000 to 40,000 but it is very
hard to know eh or so me me
I know channels of colleagues that I don't
I'm telling you, I'm not telling you
that he charged that eh I'm telling you
saying that is what the
patia Yes but look why you why
you understand me and look, I know
peer channels that with a one
average of one million monthly visits
is generating its 1 petes Okay and
I know channels that with which with a
million and a bit visits per month is
generating 11 or 12,000 turkeys per month, that is,
It depends a lot on what supports you
your community if they watch the videos
integers to the end of where from
come or be very different damn myself
I notice the difference in a video of
gentlemen that in a video of these of the
that I play now on the main channel of
from K Will me this deposit Michael
Jackson those things You know there is no
a stocking with which you can
guess it, I'll tell you what I think
Well I think that Anton Avi when
was active more or less
YouTube monetization could take a
average of 3-4 5000 each month Worth now
Well, I had good contributors there.
that maybe they contributed more, I don't know
when the bison set up we can't either
know how much they gave you, you know, that is, they are
things that are impossible to know But oh well
I don't care, I want to tell you, I don't
Yes, it doesn't matter, he hasn't paid for it, no
Whether it is 100,000 or 30,000, it has not been
paid to the editor no Well then it is
settle with the editor he hasn't paid
absolutely no one has been made one
public complaint this gentleman is also a
humble gentleman that his wife and he
they killed for
help him because his wife and he killed each other
by helping him is understood what what
he feels like it in the translation ass Yes I do
I think they are referring to a
one by one lady that I don't know star I think
what was called that was a person I don't know
If it was from the firm, I mean, I think it was a
person from the firm I think I don't know I don't
my wife
Ed told an anecdote about the bouquet of
flowers and named the woman and I think that
has put everything in the shaker
data you know and it has come out for what you
the eggs have come out, look at you
information that these people give you. Eh, be it.
Look at what he has heard
what has been translated eh
very reliable everything Yes and he charged a
money is worth What happens is that 35000
I'm talking Yes yes yes but I'm telling you
35000 in whose name is that?
because if you put it in your name if it
you put those 35 in your name and you are left with them
in two because they seize everything that
You are clear? Well, maybe there it is.
there is one of the keys
It can probably also be the case
better Antonio David but Claro today has
Antonio was very bad not giving
explanations because maybe one
explanation could be, hey man you get into
this project knowing that the money goes
seized, which has all the appearance of
Let the shots go that way, but oh well
maybe maybe Antonio avid
Hey listen to me so you know that the money from
Here it goes embargoed until it passes
a few months to solve this
situation the money is seized no O
may I be many times perhaps the
Editors eh Imagine and when we started
the news Well I have spoken with
the Editors and I told him Hey let's
try This is worth it if it works
eh there is always an agreement with the
Editors in the salary not for example
in each type of video not the news
live edits have a price
The Channel's videos have a price
The main courses have a price.
different not And then Many times
when we have started a project, put
the news Hey we have to start
We don't know if this is going to be profitable.
You don't want us to try and agree
a cheaper price and that's how it works.
the price is agreed upon, for example
This project that we did that
In the end, no, it didn't go well. People didn't like it.
liked the summarized live broadcasts
and edited it hasn't worked Okay
then they agree on the price then
It may be an answer. Well, for me
Yes, I liked it
True, but no, it wasn't profitable for me.
because in the end I didn't recover
money that I had to pay to him
editor no people had not been made
member nor the visits he had nor anything
You know, it's more profitable for me to leave it
He went up whole who becomes a member
want and that's it, I know if someone wants me
wants to pay for the holidays because this
Mr. must
until then if you put it in the name of
another person is uprising
goods How will you pay the publisher if it is
that he had no money left if he was there
name what this complaint has been made
public seems interesting to me because
The Treasury is for everyone, right?
There is one thing that is true that when
Treasury for everything, of course, there is one there.
There's some [ __ ] going on, eh? Let's see, there they are.
clearly insinuating let's see there they are
implying that he is not declaring what he
have logged in from YouTube or are
implying that he had a worker
collecting in black, that is to say that they are
hinting
exactly man let's see what the
worker receiving pay in black has
declared thus by the worker himself
Well there was no contract of course there is a
moneo no but and that is what he said and
who is that for
moneo only for solo or so yes yes that
can bring consequences to the worker
to you
can they do something for clear he was not there
working illegally because there are no black people
there is no money I don't understand no no Of course he
It has no consequences because it does not
has received no income if any
received Yes of course of course if he had
received
clear income has to be declared by
not to declare it but no he has not received
nothing therefore consequences But in
honor to the truth in honor of the truth
I remember that your idea
It was in fact that I don't want to talk
things that have been discussed in private
I know if he said it in the interview or not.
But let's say that his thought was Of
I don't know if it ever happened to him
invoice, that is, in a plan to do it well, that is
that here the issue would be the fault of
Antonio David no that he has not paid the
another and of course what a jerk he is
Antonio was there eh with this eh
has a mm monkey
Hey, the editor has a million here with
this elite with that
roll I think Olga and Agustn or rather
I think it's awesome, aunt, you know what?
Marta said today it just came to me
at the head that
She Oh that when she saw Olga she didn't know
what is not something that he saw from Olga
sent to
Agustn Marta touch your balls, don't touch me
I agree that's what it was, let's see if
here but he says he saw Olga do No
I know what or say I don't know what and he told her and
He sent it to Agustn and contacted Marta with
Agustn like look look what's happened
Olga said a relationship that
No, it's not a couple's thing, there's no bed.
I don't think it's a lie, I don't think so.
It's not a couple. I just don't think so.
pears then in things of experiences that
I have had and I think that But tell me something
something to understand it because I have only
heard But I don't understand what I heard
Let's see, I think so.
Olga is still caught up in Antonio David
I don't think so
What is the tier of the
mirror but you know what happens that I
I'm talking to things that have
occurred
These are the information about your relationship
With Antonio David we can. Well, tell me.
because I know that with Antonio David you won't
you don't speak anything you know it better than me
Of course, and you, Antony David, haven't done it.
parked that I have not parked Antonio
David, your memory is like Pinocchio's.
Jiminy Cricket and what about you no no well no
You get up, talk to me, what are you going to do?
to tell you that I'm going to get a sweet now
But you can't tell me something like that.
don't take the candy, take the candy and come
Well, family, I don't know if you want
say something else before we go
but Marta Riesco sits down
Conchita's polygraph was known
evidently it was going to be the first
not to pass through there and little more ad dan the
It is true
that little is said little is said about that
even though not
eh I don't know if I mean I'm not going to call him eh
eh be in love because I think it has already
reached a point where it is already a little bit
obsessive
eh but I think it hasn't surpassed the la
still in a relationship with Antonio avid but
She has had a boyfriend for two weeks now and now
He is telling it on the program Oye pero
the groom is from here in Seville or
He hasn't seen it, he saw it in Seville, I don't know.
If he is from Seville, I don't know if he is
Sevillian is from Seville no I mean no no
It's the same one he used to take photos with
being here in Seville
It must be a singer who participated in
The voice could be from Seville.
eh You know what happened the other day
I called her because we haven't been able to
match the times we have been in
the same city to meet in
person Marta and I or equal or equal is not
from Seville But he lives in Seville and the
I called her I called her in a while that I had to
That's what it was like when I finished recording
I finished the documentary before the
I expected it to be more hours, huh?
And I finished before the count and I
there was a while while they were
the children taking a shower had to take a shower
And I say Lorena, I'm going to see if she calls me.
Marta and I can have a coffee with her and
I called her and she was there and I thought she was safe
I finished at 7 and I called her and it was
like 7 Where are we going to have a drink
coffee I don't know which one and she was there and said no
I leave at
8 because it ends at 8 The save me now
or what is there are some days that it is not O
It normally ends at 7 but there are
some days I alarm him but then
then it will stay
There, clearly, they come out immediately.
and no no and we couldn't stay we couldn't
stay and the other days they had a
lots of plans and with the family and
otherwise no no good and she also that she has
had the churre there for three days that
has told in the program or so but
but he is from here in Seville, he shouldn't be
live in Seville, then you have to
Marta here often
no good luck be careful be careful with
say something bad about her then we
He's going to come and complain here at the moment.
But let's see, I'm going to give it the same.
answer that I gave you a while ago
Antony David at the moment when you
you tell absolutely everything in
public I can give my opinion on what you
you are another thing is to cross certain
limits but give an opinion or make a criticism
of what you are doing in public
What else was missing? Yes, hey, it's you who's
putting it on you are the one who is
putting friend in the firing line and yes and
and the same thing I've tried to be super
empathetic and and and I've tried eh Search
explanation or support you on things in which
that she believed was being done unfairly
with you if I see that you are putting the
I'm also going to go all the way to the groin.
to say sorry Well yes Hey well for
We'll leave it here. We haven't already.
Having commented on everything, I think we have given our opinions.
Of all the topics I expected more by
part the truth is that I expected more
I honestly don't know if maybe it's their
collaborators because of course he says no I
I'm not saying anything, but of course maybe now
when I have already done the live with the
collaborators Maybe you have already heard it
bigger not the collaborators is what
What I was telling you before is that maybe later
when the collaborators have entered
It may be that they have said eh
I don't know anything else about the subject,
Well, whatever it is, we'll talk about it.
Tomorrow okay, let's go anyway, you already know.
I say, I mean, the the very, very concise
too brief too brief for
all the hours that have been done on
him and about the O is at the end of what
Olga has responded more than once, it is not worth it
Yes, yes, I was reading in the chat.
It is true that he said it at the beginning of the
has directly sent condolences to
Olga about her mother and has sent her
Condolences to Olga Yes yes I mean it has
commented on the subject of the mother of
Olga but from what it seemed to me
understand that the whole family had
been supporting Olga's family in
these days
Uh, so he commented that no one had
gone eh As if no one had gone to the
funeral and so on but maybe it
They have not done so by other means either. Agustn
I was at the funeral, that is, they were
strictly family
Oh, and they all went to Seville.
putting in the chat Ah well okay okay
Okay, well, let's see what I think, so that's it.
It seems logical to me that in the end they have been
many years in contact with that
family seems super logical to me
Yes, yes, that woman is surely
He must have behaved with those kids like
If it were your grandmother, it would most likely be very
possibly very surely they have gone
Everyone to Seville, said Antonio AB Javi
There are no collaborators with Antonio vi va
be direct tomorrow and the day after But why
He said that because of course later
I heard something while I was
wearing something that said something like proof
This is what I'm going to do live
tomorrow and the day after but what was that?
answering the same is because I don't know the same
It's because they're calling him, I don't know.
I know Ah in response to that I don't know what
The shots won't go that way, eh?
If you call me lazy, then this week I'm going to
do three live shows Hey, and you think that
You think they will call the editor to
feels
save me would be very
strong would be very strong no I don't think so
Marta being there I don't believe it or rather she
They will ask Marta her opinion or or or what
Marta tells you what you know about the subject
Having Marta there, why would they go?
call another
person you think But it would be fabric eh To me
I would find it very strong if they called him
and it would seem very strong to me if
It was good, one more than the other, one more than the other.
more than
another has each
one depends on the cache because cache now
same It's short let's see I don't know the
It is true that in the save me this
They have banned some of them
youtubers I mean they told me
They said directly, eh, that is, there is
some youtubers that I don't know about
can say the
name is forbidden can guess
some Not Good of course youtubers that
have had any connection with them
at some point or enmities with them
at some point but it is prohibited eh
tell you names, that is, he has invented it
in the chat no
in the chat I don't know if even
They will know that they have that option under the
Javi Salseria Well, let's see, I have two here.
or three little themes that he also makes
same time that I did not do live with
You don't do it there either because the
truth is I haven't had time for anything A
I might as well go away for a while now I'll see what
I'd better go for a while, okay, Alanne.
gorgeous, successful, don't come back today
I don't see your return with the camera.
how many of us are there? I mean, I don't know. Eh
Well, there, between the between, I think that
On Twitter there are 1000 or so people and
on YouTube 2000 and something I think if I don't
I'm mistaken, I think there were 2,500 people
on YouTube and a peak of 3000 or 4000
people are not bad no
And that motivates you to come more often.
often or how good we will negotiate your self
We are going to make a verbal contract for that reason.
I was going to tell you but listen to me
We spoke on the phone and in writing, Nan.
always always these things always
phone so that there is no evidence left
Well, let's see if there is more.
little things during the week and we're back to
comment but let's go for now it has
It seems that there is not much more here than
that this topic Because if all the
answers that Antonio Avid has given have been
I don't think anyone will answer this anymore.
what Antonio Avid said no, that is you
Do you think they're going to come out and say it now?
What Antonio Avid said, I don't know what we
will blame us for something or other
That's right, they will talk about us and such
But well that's clear because possibly
They may not even answer
Antonio David will answer our
opinion will respond to our opinion
go on, go on, go on, that is
They will respond to our opinion. Yeah yeah.
yes yes but even if we had not given our opinion
eh lo lo the good thing for them is that
We have clearly expressed our opinion. There will be people who
answers our opinion completely
true but they are going to give their opinion or so
I mean they are going to talk
Likewise then, since they are going to talk
At least they should do it with their opinion.
real and not what they are inventing
You know, hey, well look, it's not bad. Hey
come on there we have given away
we well a vacation one
seed not family I'm going to the
Salseria in 10 minutes come
Okay, I'll be over there for a bit, a kiss
Thank you Thank you all A big hug
big